
                Title: 'Buzzed and honoured': Skindred wins 'Best UK Band' award; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.southwalesargus.co.uk/news/24551550.newports-skindred-wins-award-heavy-music-awards-2024/; type: news; Description: Held at the O2 Forum Kentish Town venue, twelve winners were crowned at the 8th annual Heavy Music Awards. One of the winners was Skindred, the band from Newport, who have come leaps and bounds since they were formed decades ago. While the band couldn't collect their award at the Heavy Music Awards 2024 due to another gig in France, Skindred frontman Benji Webbe said in his acceptance speech that the band were "buzzed" and "honoured" to get the award. Best UK Artist awarded to Skindred (Image: Benji Webbe) Mr Webbe said: "Wagwan, it's Benji from Skindred and I can say on behalf of me and the boys in Skindred how buzzed we are and how honoured we are to be this year's Heavy Music Awards' Best British Band. "We had strong competition, some killer bands, you all know who those killer bands are. "And I just want to say thank you so much for calling up, voting for us. "It means the world to us especially when people do it." Best UK Artist awarded to Skindred (Image: Benji Webbe | Heavy Music Awards 2024) The Skindred vocalist also paid special thanks to the fans and some important friends in his life, saying: "It's all about the fans, about the fans and about the fans some more. "Just want to dedicate this award to my friends, Trevor Seivwright and Carl Bevan who passed away this week. Benji Webbe's acceptance speech on behalf of Skindred (Image: Benji Webbe) "Big up, big up, big up, love and 'ting. *kiss* Skindred 2024, rock them for sure. Right! Thank you very much." The Heavy Music Awards 2024 were held at O2 Forum Kentish Town on Thursday, August 22. Watch Benji Webbe's acceptance speech in full below:;
            
                Title: Councillor slams surgery for refusing to fix 'dangerous' wall; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.southwalesguardian.co.uk/news/24532165.councillor-slams-amman-valley-practice-not-fixing-wall/; type: news; Description: A councillor has expressed frustration over a medical surgery for failing to fix an outside wall deemed a 'danger to public.' The wall outside the Amman Valley Partnership practice in Garnant is damaged and bricks are falling off. A grant was available until August 31 from the council to fix the wall, but the surgery is yet to make any repairs. Councillor Kevin Madge said: "We have funding until the end of August. The Amman Valley Practice would be rewarded £2,000 to repair the wall. But they have not done anything about it. "Bricks have come off the wall and it is a danger to the public. They can't be bothered to resolve it, even when public money is available. They have got to get their act together and repair this wall. "I am appalled they have not taken up this grant. Every business can get new signs with this grant and yet they are not using the funding that is available." Amman Tawe Partnership and Carmarthenshire County Council have both been approached for a comment.;
            
                Title: 'Essential' water works to cause traffic disruption this weekend in Newport; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.southwalesargus.co.uk/news/24551098.lliswerry-newport-experience-traffic-disruption-works/; type: news; Description: A ROAD in an area of Newport is expected to experience some disruption over the weekend. Essential road works for Welsh Water's water network on Lliswerry Road in Newport will mean that multiway traffic lights will be in place on Lliswerry Road, Somerton Road and Nash Road during this weekend. This work is planned to start on Saturday, August 31 and the team expect it to be completed by the following day on Sunday, September 1. The multi-way traffic lights will be on Lliswerry Road and at the junction of Somerton Road and Nash Road while the work is carried out, for the safety of both the workers and the motorists. Welsh Water have said that while they aim to get the work completed during the stated time frame, it may change in the event of an emergency or factors beyond their control. It has also been stated that even though the use of traffic lights for the stated duration has been agreed with the Highways Department, if there are any engineering difficulties encountered, there may be a need to extend the use of the multi-way traffic lights to ensure the work is completed. Should the scope of work change in any way, Welsh Water will update the 'In Your Area' section of our website, which you can access by clicking here. A spokesperson said: "We don't expect this work to impact the water supply to any properties, although if anything changes, we'll let you know." The exact location of the work is highlighted in the image above, but it can also be viewed by visiting What3Words.com and using the three words linked.puzzle.cake.;
            
                Title: Four abandoned puppies found starved to death in County Durham; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/24549437.four-puppies-found-starved-death-county-durham-road/; type: news; Description: The 12-week-old Spaniel-type dogs were found on Moor Road near Staindrop on Saturday morning by a couple enjoying a stroll. The puppies, believed to be from the same litter, were soaking wet and it is thought that they had been there for 24 to 48 hours before being spotted. After being alerted to the situation, the RSPCA confirmed the puppies were in a malnourished state and had likely starved to death. None of the four puppies were microchipped or wearing collars. The RSPCA inspector handling the case, Krissy Raine said: "It was a shocking and distressing sight for members of the public to come across tiny puppies who had been callously left like this. Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment delivered straight to your device by subscribing to The Northern Echo here. "From the condition they were in we think the most likely scenario is that they became ill, didn't receive any veterinary treatment and then possibly died of starvation before being dumped. "I'd urge anyone who saw anything suspicious or has information about someone who had Spaniel type puppies that are now no longer with them, to get in touch." This tragic case has sparked the charity to caution would-be pet owners to research before buying animals, to ensure the breeders are responsible. The RSPCA have signposted guidance tool, Puppy Contract, for those considering adopting a puppy. The tool aids the identification of unethical breeders and includes a vetting checklist. Buyers are urged to demand to see a local authority licence from the breeder and arrange for a meet with the pup, its mother, and siblings. Those with information about the deceased County Durham puppies are requested to contact the RSPCA's appeals line confidentially on 0300 123 8018 quoting incident number 01338030.;
            
                Title: Here You Come Again Review: A sparkling country hoedown of an emotional rollercoaster; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.southwalesargus.co.uk/news/24551087.come-rollicking-joyous-ride-dollys-hits/; type: news; Description: FOR the first time ever, a brand-new musical packed with the hits of legendary country singer Dolly Parton made its way to Cardiff. Playing at the Wales Millennium Centre from August 27 to 31, this rollicking and joyous delight of a musical tells the story of a lonely diehard Dolly fan named Kevin who uses a fantasy version of the music icon to help him get through his days isolating in his parents' attic during the coronavirus pandemic. As someone who was completely new to this show, I went in not truly knowing what to expect, and I was blown away by the stunning production values and true passion of the performances. The passion and joy of these performers was infectious from the word go (Image: hugo glendinning) Although this was a small cast compared to some other productions, it was by no means any less brilliant, if anything the tight-knit cast were able to encourage a great deal of audience participation throughout the show, be it during the musical numbers, which were snuck into the plot in highly entertaining ways, or by using the comedic tool of a fourth wall break. From the first song to the last, I was beaming and singing along with the rest of the audience as this fantasy version of Dolly was able to teach Kevin, and the audience, a whole lot about love, life, and how to get by with her signature charm, wit, and boundless positivity. The show takes you on an emotional rollercoaster ride through decades of Dolly's hits (Image: hugo glendinning) While the show is first and foremost a musical comedy, it was refreshing to see how some of the more emotional and real elements, such as the isolation of the coronavirus pandemic, were handled with grace and sincerity, without ever losing its humorous tone. Whether you're a casual Dolly listener or a diehard fan like Kevin, there's something for everyone in this show, packed with hits including 9 to 5, Jolene, I Will Always Love You and of course the title track Here You Come Again. The backing band, who were also used as minor characters throughout the show, were excellent, and upon curtain call when the musical almost turned into a full blown concert to be shared with the audience, everyone in the theatre was brought to their feet, roaring with approval and singing their hearts out like nothing else mattered. Tricia Paoluccio, the show's co-writer, returned to the starring role as Dolly after much acclaim in the States (Image: hugo glendinning) A special mention must be given to Tricia Paoluccio, co-writer and as the songstress herself, reprising her role after much acclaim for the performance in the States. She was able to capture that charm and wit that makes Dolly Parton such an icon to so many, including the loveable and endlessly positive vibe she has, as well as producing a performance on the musical numbers that was so like the real performer I could easily have believed I was watching a live Dolly Parton concert. Aidan Cutler, who took on the role as leading man Kevin for the night, was just an absolute bundle of joy, delighting the audience with his comedic timing, and his outstanding voice. There was something to be said about the way that Cutler handled the more emotional elements of the show too, keeping the core essence of the character, while toning down the comedy and allowing the audience to truly empathise with him. I would highly recommend seeing this show while it's on tour if you can as it's a rollicking, joyous delight for all.;
            
                Title: Fallen horse rescued by tractor after being stuck on ground for hours; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.southwalesguardian.co.uk/news/24552422.fallen-horse-drefach-rescued-tractor-fire-service/; type: news; Description: A horse that fell to the ground and got stuck for a few hours was rescued by a tractor. The incident happened in Drefach at around 9:24am and the horse was then placed into the care of a veterinarian. Fire crews from Ammanford and Carmarthen were called before leaving the incident at 12:31pm. The horse was on the ground for a few hours. (Image: Mid & West Wales Fire & Rescue Service) A veterinarian gave the horse care after the incident. (Image: Mid & West Wales Fire & Rescue Service) A spokesperson for Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said: "At 9.24am on Thursday, August 29th, Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service crews from Ammanford and Carmarthen Fire Stations were called to an incident in Drefach. "Crews responded to one adult horse, measuring approximately 16 hands tall, that had fallen and been down for a number of hours. "In liaison with the horse's owner and the veterinarian that was also in attendance, crews planned and successfully got the horse back on its feet using a tractor. "The horse was then put in the care of the owner and veterinarian. Crews left the scene at 12.31pm.";
            
                Title: Man admits murder of tech start-up entrepreneur whose killing shocked city; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.clactonandfrintongazette.co.uk/news/national/24553071.man-admits-murder-tech-start-up-entrepreneur-whose-killing-shocked-city/; type: news; Description: A man pleaded guilty on Friday to killing Baltimore tech entrepreneur Pava LaPere last September in an apparently random attack that shocked the city. Jason Billingsley, 33, entered the guilty plea instead of going to trial on Friday morning and was sentenced to life. He also pleaded guilty on Monday to two counts of attempted murder in a separate arson and home invasion case that took place just days before Ms LaPere was found dead on the rooftop of her downtown Baltimore apartment building. Officials said the Monday plea agreement included two other life sentences. Ms LaPere, who founded a tech start-up from her room at Johns Hopkins University and was named to Forbes' 30 under-30 list for social impact, died from strangulation and blunt force trauma after being sexually assaulted. She was remembered as someone who remained focused on building community and using entrepreneurship to create meaningful social change, even as her national profile rose. In a bail review hearing following Billingsley's arrest, prosecutors said he had admitted to beating Ms LaPere with a brick. He gained entry to her downtown Baltimore apartment building after waving her over to its glass door, but there is no reason to believe they knew each other, according to police. Ms LaPere's killing also prompted criticism of police for their response. Her body was found six days after the home invasion case in which police say Billingsley gained entry into an apartment building by identifying himself as the building maintenance man. According to his arrest warrant, he pointed a gun at a woman inside and used duct-tape to restrain her and her boyfriend. He then raped the woman several times and slit her throat with a knife before dousing both victims in liquid and setting them on fire, leaving them with serious burns, police wrote. Billingsley had been quickly identified as a suspect in that case. Baltimore police have said they were actively pursuing him, but they did not immediately alert the public because they did not think he was committing "random" acts of violence. The victims filed a lawsuit earlier this year accusing the property owner and management company of engaging in negligent hiring practices. Billingsley was released from prison in October 2022 after serving a shortened sentence for a 2013 rape because he earned good behaviour credits behind bars. Earlier this year, Maryland lawmakers heard testimony for Ms LaPere's parents and passed a bill to end good behaviour credits for anyone imprisoned for first-degree rape. The new law goes into effect October 1.;
            
                Title: Tower block inferno in Ukraine as Russian bombs hit high-rise; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/galleries/article-13797209/Tower-block-inferno-Ukraine-Russian-bombs-hit-high-rise.html; type: news; Description: A Russian aerial assault on Ukraine 's northeastern city of Kharkiv damaged a residential building and a high-rise, killing at least five people, including one child, the mayor said. 'Occupiers killed a child right on the playground,' Ihor Terekhov said on Telegram, explaining how the Russian munitions targeted civilian centres. Four other people were killed in a 12-storey apartment block that caught fire as a result of the strike, he added. Horrific footage shared to social media by onlookers showed huge gouts of orange flame trailing from the windows of the high-rise in the city's Industrialny district as the twisted wreckage of burning cars smouldered below. Regional governor Oleg Synehubov said at least 40 people had been wounded in the attacks and that medics were responding at the scenes, with the death toll expected to increase sharply. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky claimed the damage came as a result of Russian guided bombs and issued a fresh appeal to US and European governments to aid his nation in repelling Russia's attacks. 'We need strong decisions from our partners to stop this terror,' Zelensky said in a post on social media. 'We need long-range capabilities,' he added, referring to Kyiv 's appeals to allies to lift restrictions on the use of Western-supplied missiles inside Russian territory. 'We need the implementation of air defence agreements for Ukraine. This is about saving lives.' Today's assault on Kharkiv comes days after Russia launched a fresh round of punishing strikes across Ukraine on Monday and Tuesday, devastating various civilian buildings including supermarkets and hotels while crippling key energy infrastructure. Nationwide air raid alerts were triggered in the early hours of Monday morning as Ukraine's air defences sprang into action to shoot down a torrent of drones launched as Moscow seeks revenge for Ukraine's invasion of its Kursk region. The attacks kept coming, and hours later Ukraine's air force warned that Russia had deployed almost a dozen Tu-95 and six Tu-22M3 strategic bombers which let loose salvo after salvo of missiles during Monday morning rush hour. MiG-31K warplanes - capable of firing fearsome Kinzhal supersonic missiles - and four naval vessels were also involved in the bombardment. The attacks involving drones, ballistic and cruise missiles proceeded intermittently into Tuesday, with five people reported killed and 16 injured. Ukraine's state grid administrator Ukrenergo was forced to institute blackouts due to the damage suffered by power stations and energy infrastructure, which Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said had 'once again become the target of Russian terrorists'. He went on to echo calls made by Zelensky and other top Ukrainian officials to European and US backers to provide Kyiv with long-range weapons and permission to use them on targets inside Russia. After a day of relative calm on Wednesday, a Russian attack overnight Thursday damaged a factory in Ukraine's northern city of Sumy, killed two women and injured at least 11 people, Ukrainian authorities announced this morning. Ukraine's Prosecutor General's office said the factory manufactured packaging for baby food, juices and household products. One injured person died later in hospital, regional prosecutors said on Telegram, and the body of another victim was retrieved from the rubble. The airstrike caused a fire, prompting authorities to tell residents to stay inside and close windows because of air pollution. The northern Sumy region borders Russia's region of Kursk where Ukraine has made a major cross-border incursion since August 6 while Moscow's troops press towards the strategic hub of Pokrovsk in eastern Ukraine. Separately, a drone attack hit an industrial facility in Poltava in central Ukraine without causing any casualties, regional governor Filip Pronin said. Russia denies deliberately targeting civilians but thousands have been killed and injured in its strikes during the war, which began when Russian troops invaded its neighbour in February 2022. Ukraine on Monday also lost the first of its F-16 warplanes which crashed as it was repelling the major Russian attack. The jet came down and its pilot died while it was approaching a Russian target, the Ukrainian General Staff confirmed yesterday. 'Connection with one of the aircraft was lost while it was approaching the next target. As it turned out later, the plane crashed, and the pilot died,' the statement said. Possible causes from pilot error to mechanical failure are being investigated as defence officials said the F-16 was not downed by Russian fire. Want more stories like this from the Daily Mail? Visit our profile page and hit the follow button above for more of the news you need.;
            
                Title: Brits issued false widow spider warning as woman almost loses her foot; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.barryanddistrictnews.co.uk/news/24553060.false-widow-spider-warning-writer-almost-loses-foot/; type: news; Description: A writer admits she regrets wearing fishnets to visit her boyfriend, after almost needing to have her leg cut off thanks to a 'false widow spider bite' in his garden. Bella Lamorte was visiting her partner in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, last month when she was bitten by an unknown insect while sitting outside. The 39-year-old felt a throbbing sensation in her right ankle later that evening - but was horrified when she woke up 'barely able to walk' the following day. Copywriter Bella, who lives in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, rushed to hospital where doctors confirmed the bite had become infected and she was battling sepsis. (Image: KennedyNews/Belladonnaevelamorte) Doctors told the terrified writer that she could lose her foot or even her leg if she hadn't sought medical intervention. After an operation to remove the infected flesh, Bella was left with a gaping hole in her foot and is currently awaiting plastic surgery. Medics could not confirm what creature had sunk its fangs into Bella but she believes it was the notorious false widow spider as her wound matched another lady who had been bitten by one. Bella said: "I was in so much pain. I was told they needed to do surgery and cut out the dead flesh because some of it had gone septic. "They told me I could've lost my foot or my leg. The doctor said it was definitely an insect bite but they weren't sure it was a spider. But I saw another case where a woman was bitten by a spider, and my wound was the exact same. "I believe it was a false widow spider. They said I could've lost my life from this. My own sister had sepsis before she died and if it hadn't been for losing her, I don't think I would've been as tenacious with my own health. "I just wanted to warn people about the dangers. I don't want anyone else to go through this. I easily could've lost my leg, I was terrified. "I feel hyper vigilant around insects now, I'm terrified. I would tell everyone else to be aware of what's in their garden. I worry if this was a vulnerable person bitten." Spiders usually start to come out in early September, with their presence noticeable in homes until around mid-October. After this, they tend to be spotted indoors less often. Female spiders are known to stay in one place for all of their lives, but males are always on the move. During spider mating season, the males will go searching for females and often find them inside homes, which is why you may notice more of them over the next couple of months. In the UK, there are more than 650 different species of spider and while all of them can bite, only 12 can cause harm to humans. Money, cellar and lace web spiders will likely be seen more frequently over the coming weeks, as well as house spiders, which is one of the UK's biggest spiders. The males of this species can grow up to a terrifying 10cm across the leg span, although this is the top end of the scale, with their size depending on how much they have eaten. After mating, the female will lay eggs and the male will usually die.;
            
                Title: Town applies for special permission to fly holocaust memorial and pride flags; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.heraldseries.co.uk/news/24552781.abingdon-town-council-applies-special-flag-permission/; type: news; Description: A TOWN council has applied for special permission to fly different flags from a museum including a holocaust memorial flag and a progressive pride flag. Abingdon Town Council has applied to the Vale of White Horse District Council for permission to fly four new flags from the county hall museum in Market Place. The authority wants permission to fly the flags which are not currently automatically approved by the Government. READ MORE: Driver FINED after being caught speeding over 60mph on motorway Flags which do not need consent from an authority are the country's national flag, the flag of the Commonwealth, a flag of a county of town, the flag of Saint David, and a few others. Example of the flags submitted in the planning portal (Image: Abingdon Town Council) However, any flag not included on the Government website needs consent from the local planning authority. Abingdon Town Council are seeking permission to fly and International Holocaust Day flag, a disability flag, a suffrage flag, and a progressive pride flag. They have sought permission for these to be used between August 1, 2024 to August 9, 2050. READ MORE: Teen to appear in court charged with death of three boys in crash The flags would be 30m from the ground and 1.3m by 2.8 m by 0.01m in size. They will be made from a polyester mix fabric. A consultation period of the flags opened today (August 30) and will close on September 25. By October 15, the planning authority hopes to have made a decision.;
            
                Title: Doctor who pretended to be hospital staff using old pass to get blood test suspended; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/24550710.middlesbrough-doctor-used-old-nhs-pass-get-blood-test/; type: news; Description: A doctor who used an expired NHS pass to pretend to be staff at a hospital he'd left six months prior has been suspended. Dr Bervin Teo Chong Wei turned up at James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough wearing an NHS-issued pass and claimed he was a consultant working there in order to get a blood sample taken by another doctor. But the doctor had actually stopped working for the South Tees Hospitals Trust six months earlier in October 2021, when he turned up in April 2022 wearing the old pass. He told a doctor he was working on the ward or at the hospital to get them to take and process a blood sample. A misconduct hearing was told he also pretended he did not have access to a web system "due to a technical problem", but in fact no longer had permission to access it having ceased working for the trust. Recommended reading: Get more from The Northern Echo with a digital subscription. Get access for 3 months for just £3, or get 30% off an annual subscription with our latest offer. Click here. He admitted accessing the system and submitting his blood samples for testing using two other peoples' accounts despite being asked not to and/or to leave. A Medical Practitioners Tribunal hearing concluded his fitness to practice as a doctor was impaired and suspended him from six months. Panel chair Mr John MacGregor said: "Dr Teo Chong Wei's registration will be suspended 28 days from the date on which written notification of this decision is deemed to have been served.";
            
                Title: Sleep expert lists foods stopping you from sleeping - Liverpool Echo; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/uk-world-news/sleep-expert-lists-foods-stopping-29818744; type: news; Description: A change in diet could be the key to unlocking issues with insomnia A sleep expert has listed the types of food you should consider cutting out if you're having trouble catching those Z's. Get Laid Beds teamed up with sleep specialist Dr Katherine Hall for an in-depth look into what makes for a great night's sleep. Dr Hall, PhD, is a Sleep Psychologist from Somnus Therapy, and specialises in tackling insomnia, a condition which affects around one in three people in the UK. Insomnia is especially common in older people, as sleep patterns change with age. She believes switching up your diet might just be the solution to persistent sleeplessness. Foods such as spicy, salty and acidic foods are what people need to avoid in order to regularly sleep well. Dr Hall said: "Whether you're a fan of covering your Nando's with Extra Hot sauce or a spice hater that can barely stomach a jalapeno, spicy food and the amount of spice we have in our food, is a fairly divisive topic. That being said, for anyone struggling to sleep, avoid spicy foods altogether. "Digesting the various spices and chillies you have in your curries or other hot dishes can severely disrupt our body's ability to thermoregulate, which essentially means managing our temperature. Capsaicin is the chemical in spicy food that causes our temperature to sky rocket, so combine this with the energy your body needs to digest the remainder of the meal and you can really struggle getting some solid sleep." When it comes to salty food, Dr Hall points out: "This can often go under the radar when we talk to people about their nutrition and sleep. While some are obvious such as high sugar intake, salt can be overlooked. If you can't fall asleep or struggle to stay asleep, salt could be the root of the issue. "Sodium-high meals result in fluid retention and increased blood pressure, making it hard for the body to switch off completely after eating snacks like crisps or salted nuts. This then results in something called superficial sleep, where the sleep isn't very deep and can often involve disturbances like going to the toilet more, as studies show this can be brought on more by too much salt in the diet." Dr Hall said: "This one may seem obvious to some and is sure to disappoint lovers of a glass of red wine shortly before bed, but if we take a deep dive into certain acidic foods, those struggling to sleep will want to avoid some more than others. Tyramine is an amino acid that is normally a great addition to anyone's diet as it stimulates natural brain activity." For those of us looking to get more sleep however, it's something to avoid completely if possible. As Tyramine stimulates the production of norepinephrine, triggering the 'fight-or-flight' response and sending your body into a hyper-aroused state. Foods that are high in tyramine include tomatoes, aubergines, soy sauce, red wine and cheeses. Dr Hall also made suggestions of the foods that can actually help promote a good sleep routine. Certain foods can be just as effective as other remedies in improving our sleep, and they come at a fraction of the cost or lifestyle change. Dr Hall said: "Tart cherry juice has been proven to hold many health benefits, not least helping with sleep. Cherries are naturally rich in melatonin, also known as the sleep hormone, so getting more of this in your system before bed can contribute significantly to a better routine." Discussing fatty fish, Dr Hall said: "Lean, fatty fish such as tuna, salmon, mackerel and sardines are well documented to be extremely good for you, though their benefits to sleep can be missed. Their combination of high omega 3 and vitamin D levels are unmatched for producing serotonin, a chemical in the brain that causes happiness, relaxation and a strong link to sleep." This one may raise a few eyebrows and for good reason, as bananas are so heavily associated with starting the day as opposed to ending it. However, Dr Hall explains, bananas contain both tryptophan, an amino acid that promotes melatonin and magnesium, a muscle relaxant, both of which promote relaxation and sleep so put the crisps aside and have a banana before bed.;
            
                Title: Agatha Christie mystery weekend returns to Wallingford with packed schedule; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.heraldseries.co.uk/news/24552509.wallingford-agatha-christie-mystery-weekend-returns/; type: news; Description: Agatha Christie famously lived in Wallingford for 42 years, writing most of her novels by the Thames. Last year a statue of Ms Christie was unveiled in her memory which thousands of people attended, and every September the town come together to celebrate the novelist with the event. Taking place from Friday, September 6 until Sunday, September 8, there is a wide range of activities and exhibitions for the whole family to enjoy. READ MORE: Investigation launched into water contamination in Carterton Kicking off the weekend on Friday at 3.30pm at Wallingford Library is a free murder mystery themed quiz. Also among the activities on Friday is a "lively and engaging" illustrated talk, giving visitors the chance to learn about Agatha Christie's sleuth, Miss Marple. Saturday's schedule is also packed with activities, including students from Wallingford School performing two short murder mystery plays, and Sunday will feature a two-hour round boat trip departing from Wallingford. READ MORE: Oxford least interested city in weight loss medication On both days there will also be guided walks in Wallingford lasting around 80 minutes. Over the course of the weekend there will be an At Home with the Queen of Crime exhibition will take visitors behind the scenes to Agatha's home life, featuring photographs of her at Winterbrook House and memories of local people who met her. People will also have the chance to read her handwritten letters revealing her love of pantomimes and her gradual frustration as her health declined. She studied Multimedia Journalism at Bournemouth University. Charlotte has a particular focus on the Bicester patch and writes for the Bicester Advertiser as well as the Oxford Mail. She can be found on X by searching @charcolesjourno.;
            
                Title: 'Superb opportunity' as former Darlington pub hits the market for £155k; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/24550338.former-darlington-pub-central-borough-sale/; type: news; Description: A former Darlington pub and residential property has hit the market - and it could be yours for £155,000. The Central Borough, which has five addresses at 1, 3, and 5 on Farrer Street and 11 and 12 on Hopetown Lane - is now up for sale as a "superb opportunity" for a new buyer. The pub - which has been closed for several years - is described as a potential redevelopment opportunity in a "pleasing position" in the town. Also involved in the former public house sale is a three-bedroomed end-terraced home, which address is on Farrer Street. The news of the listing comes several years after plans were green-lit by Darlington Council to transform the building into six apartments and two homes in 2018. However, this never came to fruition, and the planning permission has since lapsed. The listing, marketed by Denham Properties, states that the former Central Borough pub part of the listing requires "a full programme of refurbishment". Meanwhile, the residential property, which is located on Farrer Street, has accommodation over two floors and features an entrance hallway, a lounge, a kitchen and breakfast room, a cloakroom, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Recommended reading: Get more from The Northern Echo with a digital subscription. Get access for 6 months for just £6 in our summer sale. Click here. There is also a gravelled garden at the rear of the property. The listing notes how the property is both a walking distance to local shops and amenities at both Cockerton Village and Darlington town centre as well as being close to the A1(M). Denham Properties state: "This property will appeal to a wide variety of purchasers and we would therefore recommend viewings at the earliest opportunity to avoid disappointment.";
            
                Title: The beach that 'feels like Australia' with breathtaking views an hour from Devon; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.devonlive.com/news/uk-world-news/beach-feels-like-australia-breathtaking-9521028; type: news; Description: A UK beach has wowed a travel blogger so much that she's compared its beauty to the famous shores of Australia. Elle, known on TikTok as @consciouslyelle, was captivated by Cornwall's Fistral Beach, dubbing it the spot with England's most breathtaking sunset. In her brief but impactful 11-second TikTok clip, Elle showcased the captivating Atlantic view, with its long stretches of golden sand bathed in the glow of the evening sun. Her simple caption said it all: "Feel like I'm in Australia." Since posting, the video has become a viral sensation, amassing over 531,100 views. Locals from Cornwall have flooded the comments section, sharing their pride in Fistral Beach. READ MORE: 'Deplorable' beauty spot litter crisis as 'plastic and Prosecco' scatter slopes One user, MissM, enthused: "Fistral. My favourite beach! Would do anything to be here camping! !" Not just a pretty spot, Fistral Beach in Newquay is renowned for its surf scene. It welcomes both aspiring and professional surfers eager to conquer its waves, reports the Mirror. Every August, the beach plays a pivotal role in the Boardmasters Festival at Watergate Bay, where the Boardmasters Open sees top-tier surf talent compete in Britains largest surf contest. And don't worry if you're not yet ready to join the pro ranks Fistral Beach has its own surf school that caters to all levels, from beginners to those almost at expert status. Plus, there's an array of beach equipment available for hire, including wetsuits and bodyboards. Winning Tripadvisors Travellers' Choice Award 2024 cements Fistral Beach's reputation, as it's lauded as one of the must-visit attractions in Newquay. If Tripadvisor's endorsement isn't enough, the glowing reviews from past visitors surely are. Rainbow Love was full of praise, saying: "Amazing views, beach is kept clean and beautiful. I would love to go back and explore more! We fell in love with Cornwall and can't wait to go back, its amazing what is on your own doorstep!" Braindamagedbaron shared their admiration as well: "A simply beautiful spot and a jewel in Newquay's crown. Yes, it gets busy but that's to be expected. Worth visiting simply to enjoy the gorgeous views out on to the horizon. It really is wonderful." Isabel also added her thoughts: "I've been coming to this beach for years and have always loved it! The vibes on this beach are unreal, surrounded by surfers, bars and camper vans! Every visit to this beach has been amazing. It's dog friendly and the safety flags are always out for people in the sea so it feels very safe. "The bars are right on the beach and are lovely to sit at in the evenings! My boyfriend had surfing lessons on this beach and highly enjoyed his surfing experience. Highly recommended for families and people looking to give surfing a go." Fistral Beach is not just about the sand and surf; visitors should check out the Fistral Beach Complex, home to the International Surfing Centre and a variety of businesses, eateries, and surf shops. If you're craving authentic Cornish fish and chips, Rick Stein Fistral is the place to be. The restaurant serves up the freshest local seafood with an Asian twist, inspired by the renowned celebrity chef's travels. Expect to find bream, hake, scampi and lemon sole on the menu, along with dishes like Goan Chicken Curry and Meen Kulambu Cod Curry. For a quick bite, The Pasty Shack offers the famous Cornish pasty from Easter until October half term. If you fancy pizza and cider, head over to The Stable. Alternatively, The Beach Bar serves traditional pub food for those looking for a hearty meal.;
            
                Title: Can you help reunite this Darlington Second World War scrapbook with its family?; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/24552894.towers-family-scrapbook-darlington-second-world-war/; type: news; Description: It was loaned to Mel Wallace Jnr who was writing about the extraordinary war service of his father, Mel Snr. Mel Snr left school at 14 to become an apprentice joiner. He worked as a cabinet-maker for Binns in Darlington before joining up in October 1939, and serving through the whole war: he was evacuated from Dunkirk, he landed at Gold Beach on D-Day just 90 minutes after the first soldiers had waded ashore, he was at Operation Market Garden at Nijmegen, and he served with the 50th Division Royal Signals in Sicily, Egypt, Iraq, Libya. Mel Wallace Snr with his Legion d'Honeur at River View care home in Darlington in 2018. Photograph: Stuart Boulton. Mel Snr was 97 in 2018 when he received the Legion d'Honeur from the French government in his Darlington care home. He died in 2020, which led Mel Jnr to write up his story. From somewhere, Mel Jnr acquired the scrapbook which appears to record the war service of Stan and Morris Towers, the sons of Mr and Mrs H Towers of Hargreaves Terrace in Darlington. This may be Stan and Morris Towers, of Darlington, during the Second World War It is thought that Stan survived the war while Morris did not - the Commonwealth War Graves Commission records the death of a Driver Maurice Towers of the 50th Division Signals (the same as Mel Snr) on August 11, 1944, aged 24 in France. He is listed as the son of Mr H Towers, although his wife is given as living in Somerset. Mel Jnr had just about completed his book when he died in November. Now his son, James, is really keen that the Towers family is reunited with their scrapbook. Can you help in any way? Please email chris.lloyd@nne.co.uk A regimental photo from the Towers scrapbookFour servicemen, in the Towers scrapbook: is that one of the brothers on the right?On duty, from the Towers scrapbook It looks like one of the Towers brothers joined the AA as a patrolman after the warA dancehall band, from the Towers scrapbook. Can you help us return it to its rightful owners? ROSS SMITH emails from Adelaide in Australia, attaching a picture of a jug - perhaps a whisky water jug - dated about 1906 which says "Cockerton's" on its side beneath a picture of a cockerel. He's seeking any help in identifying or locating the jug's home, and so wondered whether "Cockerton's" might lead it back to Darlington. So has anyone ever heard of a pub or cafe that might have been called Cockerton's? Please let us know...;
            
                Title: John Lennon's favourite Paul McCartney song; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://faroutmagazine.co.uk/?p=557649; type: news; Description: In the journey from Liverpudlian suburbia to global stardom, Paul McCartney and John Lennon's friendship went through its fair share of ups and downs. The budding songwriters first met in the late 1950s, when they would join musical forces in The Quarrymen, Lennon's pre-Beatles band. Unbeknownst to them, they were now on the path to becoming the most accomplished songwriting partnership in music history. They didn't necessarily find widespread success with The Quarrymen, but this all changed when they became The Beatles - or, at first, The Silver Beatles - in 1960. McCartney's friend George Harrison was recruited as a lead guitarist, while drummer Ringo Starr would join the band a couple of years later. The lineup was complete, and Beatlemania would soon sweep the globe. Lennon and McCartney shared a genuine love for songwriting, so they naturally became the group's leading lyricists. Initially, this shared passion served them well. They worked together to pen some of the band's first hits, from their debut single 'Love Me Do' to the gorgeous 'I Want To Hold Your Hand', but their relationship soon soured through creative differences and other tensions. As Beatlemania evolved, The Beatles grew apart, and the central lyricists began to prefer writing alone. Although everything they created would be attributed to their partnership due to an earlier agreement, later hits like 'Let It Be' and 'All You Need Is Love' were written separately as their creative interests separated. Lennon was more interested in collaborating with his romantic partner, Yoko Ono, than with his Beatles bandmate. The internal issues in the group proved unsolvable and the band broke up in 1970, after which Lennon threw some harsh insults in the direction of his former songwriting partner in the press. Despite his biting criticism, the pair were forever connected and there was an underlying respect for one another. They reconciled their relationship by the mid-1970s, prior to Lennon's tragic death. Rather than remembering the critiques Lennon had hurled at him in the media, there was one compliment that McCartney received from his songwriting partner that really stuck with him. During the filming of Help!, McCartney recalled in a Q&A session, he and Lennon sat and listened to their own music in an Austrian cabin. When 'Here, There and Everywhere' came on, Lennon was moved to compliment McCartney. "I remember John saying: 'You know, that's probably my favourite song of yours,'" McCartney recalled, "So that was a good compliment. I always remember that." The tune later appeared on the band's seventh record, Revolver, amidst more experimental offerings like 'I'm Only Sleeping' and 'Tomorrow Never Knows'. At odds with the more psychedelic leanings of the wider record, 'Here, There and Everywhere' was classic McCartney. The song featured soft twangs and achingly romantic lyrics. McCartney declares his wishes for his love to go everywhere with him. "To lead a better lie, I need my love to be here," McCartney sings in the opening moments, "Here, making each day of the year." It's easy to see why Lennon admired the song so much. 'Here, There and Everywhere' isn't just Lennon's favourite McCartney song -- it's McCartney's, too. Though he, understandably, finds it difficult to pick out a favourite from his extensive catalogue, 'Here, There and Everywhere' seems to be his go-to choice, perhaps influenced by the admiration it earned him from Lennon.;
            
                Title: Pictures as Becky Hill thrills sold-out crowd at Scarborough Open Air Theatre; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/24552892.pictures-becky-hill-performs-sold-out-scarborough-gig/; type: news; Description: Award-winning singer-songwriter Becky Hill wowed a sold-out crowd at the Scarborough Open Air Theatre on Thursday. Just a few hours after the release of her latest single, 'Indestructible', she performed over 20 songs in a marathon 90-minute set that won the hearts of her enthusiastic audience. Kicking off her performance with "True Colours" from her recent album Believe Me Now?, she skilfully navigated through her repertoire of dance-pop hits, including Gecko, Piece of Me, False Alarm, and Disconnect among others. (Image: CUFFE & TAYLOR;Jim Cooke) Addressing her fans, she said: "Scarborough, thank you so much for coming out tonight, it's so beautiful to see you all. "Cost of living is so brutal, so it humbles me to see 8,000 of you spending your cash. "Thank you for supporting live music." Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment delivered straight to your device by subscribing to The Northern Echo here. (Image: CUFFE & TAYLOR;Jim Cooke) In a show of appreciation, she jumped into the crowd during the performance of her newest song. She later returned to the stage for One Track Mind, alongside guest singer Rileasa. Her set concluded with three fan favourites: My Heart Goes, Wish You Well, and Remember. The crowd also enjoyed a performance from the supporting act, drum and bass musician Issey Cross. The next event at the theatre features pop punk band Busted, in the final show of the season. For more information, visit www.scarboroughopenairtheatre.com.;
            
                Title: Young carers named runners-up in Brand the Bus! competition; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.heraldseries.co.uk/news/24551823.young-carers-runners-up-oxford-brand-bus-competition/; type: news; Description: An Oxfordshire charity which works with young carers to help them reach their potential has received a boost after being named as one of Oxford Bus Company's Brand the Bus! winners. Be Free Young Carers scooped the runners-up prize in the annual competition which gives charities the chance to have their branding emblazoned on one of Oxford Bus Company's buses. A special unveiling was held at the company's Cowley depot for representatives from the charity, with the rear of a double decker bus dedicated to promoting Be Free Young Carers' work. The charity supports young carers by widening life options and improving their emotional and social health plus resilience and personal development. READ MORE: Opening date announced for new McDonald's in Oxford It celebrates its 30th anniversary this year and works with people aged eight to 17 living in Oxfordshire who senior people are dependent on. Sabiene North, CEO of Be Free Young Carers, said the bus will help take people's understanding and awareness of the charity's work to new levels. "We're a small team passionate about enhancing the life experiences and opportunities for our county's young carers whose outstanding work can easily go unnoticed," said Sabiene. "Being a carer is the ultimate responsibility. It's a 24-7 role, and in most cases young people have no choice but to support those they love during a critical time of their own lives. "Be Free Young Carers helps ease the emotional and mental strain a young carer might face while holding these additional responsibilities. We work in partnership with Oxfordshire schools and provide advice, guidance and offer befriending and peer support so young carers can increase self-confidence, improve their wellbeing and have fun. "We're so grateful to Oxford Bus Company for choosing our charity as one of this year's Brand the Bus! winners. The outcome is fantastic and will ensure more people in Oxfordshire are aware of the vital role young carers have in our communities and what we do to support them." Neil Butler, Finance Director of Oxford Bus Company, added: "Our judging panel was really impressed with Be Free Young Carers' work and the tangible impact the charity has on people's lives in Oxfordshire. READ MORE: Investigation launched into water contamination in stream "We're pleased to bring attention to a worthwhile charity doing great work in our community. We'd like to thank all charities who entered this year's Brand the Bus! competition and encourage those yet to get involved to keep their eyes peeled for details of next year's launch." Oxford Hospitals Charity was confirmed as Oxford Bus Company's Brand the Bus! 2024 winner earlier this month with its fully wrapped vehicle now in service. Previous winners of the competition include Restore, Blue Skye Thinking, Girlguiding Oxfordshire and HomeStart Oxfordshire. Further information about Be Free Young Carers and its work with young carers to help them achieve their true potential is available online via www.befreeyc.org.uk.;
            
                Title: Dog owners issued warning after ice cream mix up results in £2,000 vet bill; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/24553090.warning-dog-owners-ice-cream-leads-2-000-vet-bill/; type: news; Description: Shelley Coupland's daughter Sophie Baile was enjoying a milk chocolate Magnum at home last month when the two-year-old lowered her arm towards the floor. Family dog Ruby seized her opportunity and gobbled down the entire treat, including the stick, 'within a second'. Shelley feared the small Patterdale Terrier and Jack Russell cross wouldn't pass the four-inch wooden stick naturally so frantically called her vets who referred her to an emergency practice. (Image: Kennedy News and Media) The 37-year-old drove a sheepish-looking Ruby to a practice 40 minutes away where she underwent an operation to have the stick removed and spent two days there recovering. Thankfully Sophie had eaten the chocolate off the Magnum, which is toxic to dogs, and Ruby avoided any internal damage as the stick didn't break inside her stomach. But NHS healthcare support worker Shelley admits she 'wasn't smart enough' to get pet insurance and has set up a GoFundMe to foot the whopping £2,100 vet bill. Shelley, from Sleaford, Lincolnshire, said: "It's the most expensive ice cream I've ever bought and will ever buy. "We didn't have a second to get up and get the stick off of her so she just swallowed the whole thing. "She must have just seen an opportunity and gone for it because she's usually quite placid and well-behaved. "I was worried because I knew that whatever was going to happen wasn't going to be great for her. I knew the stick wouldn't go through naturally and I was worried that the stick would do internal damage. "You can leave plates of food about and she doesn't touch it but obviously that day she just couldn't resist a Magnum. "We were really nervous when the decision was made to put her through surgery. The hilarity and the cheekiness of her stealing the ice cream quickly turned into dread. "She just took the whole thing and swallowed it like a pelican eating a fish, it just went down whole. "There was a chance she wouldn't come back but she pulled through and she's back to her normal self - jumping up and down on the sofa. "You can see in her movements that she's still feeling sore and she's not comfortable but she's on the mend. "I've not bought any more Magnums since, we'll have scoop ice-cream from now on." The mum-of-two has now started a GoFundMe page to help cover the vet costs and has issued a warning to pet owners. Shelley said: "Make sure you've got pet insurance because that would have saved us a massive headache. "Unfortunately we just weren't smart enough to do that and we're really grateful for those who have donated through GoFundMe. "At the moment, trying to find £2,000 out of the blue is really difficult and I will still be booking extra shifts at work to cover the bit we still need to pay.";
            
                Title: Dates set for Tony Hancock shows in two locations; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.heraldseries.co.uk/news/24550292.tony-hancock-show-take-place-banbury-thame/; type: news; Description: The UK tour kicks off at London's Leicester Square Theatre next month before visiting Thame on September 29 and Banbury on October 17. Tony Hancock is best known for starring as Anthony Aloysius St John Hancock in Ray Galton and Alan Simpson's classic BBC sitcoms Hancock's Half Hour and Hancock. Trailblazing comedy Hancock's Half Hour began on radio 70 years ago this November and the small-screen version attracted audiences of 20 million. Grimsby-born actor and playwright John Hewer has re-worked three lost television episodes of Hancock's Half Hour including The Auction, The Russian Prince and The Bequest and plays the lad himself in the Hambledon Productions stage show. "As a performer, you want to be meticulous," says Mr Hewer, a Tommy Cooper impersonator. "We cannot bring Tony, Sid, Hattie, Kenneth and Liz back to life, but we can honour their genius, and Ray and Alan's, with these affectionate revivals of these golden, ageless scripts, and, hopefully, extend the legacy to younger audiences and the next generation. "There will always be a part of any individual performer which you cannot mask, and it would be unwise not to admit and accept that. The audiences are equally savvy. "However it's that shared mutual love that makes these revivals such a pleasure to both perform and to witness, and I'm extremely proud to be recreating Hancock, and bringing these particular episodes, lost from the archive, to life, for the very first time since the original broadcasts in 1956 and 1957." Mr Hewer has also channeled his inner Harold Steptoe, Spike Milligan and Tommy Cooper in hit theatre shows. Carry On actor Leslie Phillips says "The dear boy's a comedy genius" while The Stage say "John Hewer captures the Cooper style, from the mumbled speech and loud laughter to the awkward giant body language." Steptoe and Son co-creator Ray Galton lavished praise on Mr Hewer's stage adaptation saying "The affection for the original shines through in this fine production. I'm delighted that the scripts and the characters continue to be cherished after all this time. The performances are marvellous.";
            
                Title: Join local author at launch of exciting new novel; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.westerntelegraph.co.uk/news/24549522.join-cardigan-author-mike-lewis-launch-new-novel/; type: news; Description: ONE of mountaineering's most infamous episodes will be the subject of a literary discussion in Fishguard next week, as a precursor to the town's eagerly-anticipated Ar Ymyl y Tir 2024/On Land's Edge Festival. In July 1865 a seven-man British party led by Edward Whymper raced a rival Italian team to the top of the Matterhorn, the iconic peak situated on the Swiss-Italian border. Although Whymper's party prevailed, tragedy struck on the way down when Rev Charles Hudson, Lord Francis Douglas, Douglas Hadow and Michel Croz plunged to their deaths when the rope broke. The disaster is recalled in a new novel 'The Icarus Ascent: Ghosts of the Matterhorn' by Cardigan author Mike Lewis, a fictional re-imagining of the story as seen through the eyes of the dead climbers themselves. Mike will be interviewed by local writer and historian Anne Garside at Peppers on Saturday, September 7, in a pre-event for Ar Ymyl y Tir 2024/On Land's Edge. "The fall on the Matterhorn remains one of the most notorious incidents in mountaineering history," he said. "What particularly interested me was how Whymper's own account of what happened is accepted as gospel, when the testimonies of his two fellow survivors - humble Swiss mountain peasant farmers - differ considerably. "Theirs was an expedition thrown together at the last minute through circumstances riven with tensions and strife which undoubtedly contributed to its horrific outcome." *Although this is a free event booking is required through Theatr Gwaun's Box Office as places are limited. A two-course Swiss-inspired menu is available post-talk at Peppers for £20: please book direct at Peppers for this.;
            
                Title: British actor overlooked as James Bond gives his verdict on becoming 007; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://metro.co.uk/2024/08/30/british-actor-overlooked-james-bond-gives-verdict-becoming-007-2-21520358/; type: news; Description: Ever since the longest-serving Bond Daniel Craig, 56, departed from the blockbuster movie franchise four years ago speculation has been rife over who could be his replacement. Early theories suggested Idris Elba, 51, would be the next 007 - before the Luther actor promptly poured cold water on the rumours. More recently, it was reported Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 33, had taken on the role. Other British actors tipped for Bond include Happy Valley's James Norton, Henry Cavill, and Bridgerton's Regé-Jean Page. But there has always been one glaring omission from lists...Rafe Spall. But has the 41-year-old ever been approached by feted Bond producer Barbara Broccoli? Rafe spilled all to Metro.co.uk about his 007 prospects and even revealed his own 'close brush' with James Bond. Rafe has many of Bond's quintessential characteristics - he's British and charming, for starters - and could add a more humourous spin on the character after a rather dour Daniel Craig. But, unfortunately, the One Day actor told us he had never been approached for the role. 'No, I've never been asked to play James,' he said. 'The closest that I've had to it was that I was in a play with Daniel Craig. That is my closest brush with 007. 'I think that Aaron Taylor Johnson will make a terrific Bond. He's a great actor. I'd love to be a James Bond film but I think I'm more likely to be a baddie than 007.' However, he did admit he was as intrigued to know who would be stepping into Daniel's shoes as much as the next person. 'It's just interesting and just good chat, isn't it?' Rafe said. 'Everyone's got their ideas about who it should be. I think that if it is Aaron - or anybody else who has been discussed - then good luck to him because it's, I imagine, a great bit of pressure to carry on your shoulders.' Bond's loss, though, is Trying's gain. Rafe stars alongside his real-life partner Esther Smith, who is pregnant with their first child, in the Apple TV series about a couple who struggle to conceive. Rafe was previously married to Hollyoaks star Elize Du Toit and shares three children with her. He only recently confirmed his relationship with Esther, and the couple have been together for around 18 months. Now in its fourth season, sitcom Trying follows Jason (Rafe) and Nikki (Esther) as they parent their adopted teenage children Princess (Scarlett Rayner) and Tyler (Cooper Turner). As for how he creates the family dynamic on-screen with Esther, as well as Scarlett and Cooper, Rafe self-deprecatingly credits Trying's writer Andy Wolton. 'The writing does it for you - it makes it really easy,' he admitted. The Hot Fuzz actor continued: 'We're just trying to create a fun, inclusive, warm set where people feel like they can contribute and have a laugh and are emboldened enough to be creative. I know that sounds quite trite, but it's true. 'You just want people to have fun. It's supposed to be fun making TV, film, and plays. It should be. Trying is no exception. It has always been one of my favourite things to shoot and remains to be.' It's rare these days for a comedy to live beyond two seasons, so what's the secret to Trying's success? 'It's identifiable and relatable,' Rafe responded. He explained: 'It deals with a weighty issue- infertility - which is serious but still somewhat taboo in our culture and isn't necessarily spoken about in public discourse. 'It also deals with adoption, parenting... things that are real and serious, but it deals with them in a comedic way. And that is a reflection of life. Because I think when the chips are down, we as humans deal with difficulty with humour.' Rafe's own childhood was more unusual than most as he is the son of British acting royalty Timothy Spall - and they used to have famous stars milling around the family home. He said: 'I grew up in show business but to me it was never out of the ordinary and it was just normal to have my dad's actor friends around. To me, they weren't actors, they were just Mum and Dad's friends. But it meant that there were always very confident, fun, silly people in my house who were always up for a laugh.' Can you name any names and share any juicy tales? Rafe replied: 'I wouldn't ever speak out of school. What goes on tour stays on tour. No one likes to snitch.' Despite being Timothy's son, Rafe has so far evaded the nepo baby label - but insisted it is only because he's 'not famous enough.' The Black Mirror star said: 'I understand people's annoyance and inherent frustration with the idea of nepotism. 'If you do have a famous parent, then it's one's duty to understand that you have had an advantage, and to suggest anything else is disingenuous. That takes away from how hard it is, especially for those who haven't had a slight leg up.' 'I don't think nepotism is necessarily what people think it is in terms of my dad's never made phone calls to get me a job ever, but if a casting director has a list of actors on a list and one of them is the kid of a famous actor, out of interest they're going to see them, so they get through the door. 'They're not going to give you the job, but you'll get through the door - and don't we know that getting through the door is the hardest thing. I had an advantage and I'm deeply grateful for that.' Rafe has only starred alongside his dad in one show - an ITV adaptation of A Room With A View - but would love to work with him again. 'I'm as much of a fan of his acting as the rest of the country is,' he said. 'And I'd really love to act opposite him again.' He revealed he's been 'working on an idea' that would involve his dad and is pitching the project to relevant executives. Rafe kept the plot details under wraps but said they would play father and son. Rafe said: 'It's a thing that I'm excited about.... whether it will ever see the light of day who bloody knows?' Let's keep our fingers crossed. If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you. MORE : Favourite actor for James Bond revealed but there's still 'at least 2 years' to wait MORE : Original James Bond favourite, 45, refuses to rule himself out of race for iconic role;
            
                Title: Free off-season and blue badge parking could end in key west Wales areas; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.westerntelegraph.co.uk/news/24552927.ceredigion-free-off-season-blue-badge-parking-end/; type: news; Description: On February 29, the council approved the budget for 2024/25, which included an expectation that £1,700,000 (net) in income is generated from existing Pay and Display car parks. In July, officers presented a report to the Thriving Communities Overview and Scrutiny Committee which set out a package of proposals which aimed to achieve this, as well as simplifying current charges and arrangements, in part through setting Ceredigion Coastal (Aberaeron, Aberystwyth, Cardigan and New Quay) and Ceredigion Inland (Lampeter, Llandysul and Tregaron) rates for general parking. A report for members of Ceredigion County Council's Cabinet, meeting on September 3, says: "Due to the significant financial challenges that the Council is facing, a failure to achieve the income expectation will result in a requirement for further budget savings to be found within Highways and Environmental Services beyond those already identified in the 2024/25 budget. "It is on this basis that the package would need to be accepted in its entirety, and it would not be possible for some of the measures e.g. reduced season ticket prices to progressed without the other proposals also being progressed." The lengthy list of changes proposed include Changes to Season Ticket offering a new Ceredigion Long Stay Car Park Season Ticket (with a special option for North Road Car Park, Aberystwyth), extending Maesyrafon Car Park in Aberystwyth into the former Arriva Site, gaining approximately 150 spaces, and changes to Cardigan's Pendre and Gloster Row / Red Lion Car Parks. On the more general parking in the county, it is proposed to have two bands with standardised tariffs, along with all current seasonal car parks reverting to charging all year round, and all current seasonal car parks reverting to charging hours of 8am-6pm. The proposed charges are: Ceredigion Coastal - Aberaeron, Aberystwyth, Cardigan and New Quay: 2 hours £3.50, 3 hours* £4 Greenfield Square only, 4 hours £4.50, 24 hours £6.50. Ceredigion Inland - Lampeter, Llandysul and Tregaron 2 hrs 2.50, 4hrs 3.50, 24hrs 4.50. For comparison, current rates in New Quay are: one hour £2.60, two hours £3.80, 24 hours £6.60. It is also proposed that all blue badge holders pay to park, with an extra hour's grace; currently only those entitled to £0 Vehicle Excise Duty have free parking. A complication for the Cabinet proposals is the July committee recommending that charges proposed to Blue badge holders be omitted. However, officers have said "it is advised that the charges proposed to Blue Badge holders should be retained within the proposal to be consulted upon, as it is estimated that a potential shortfall of £170,000 may be experienced against the income target that council has set based on an estimated 10 per cent of car park users being Blue Badge holders". There's an option for a roughly 50p increase if free blue badge parking is backed. Ceredigion Coastal: 2hrs £4, 3hrs* £4.50, 4 hours £5, 24 hours £7. Ceredigion Inland: Lampeter, Llandysul and Tregaron: 2hrs £3, 4 hrs £4, 24 hrs £5. Cabinet is recommended to back a public consultation on the proposed changes, with the two blue badge options; the item returning to Cabinet at a later date.;
            
                Title: Free off-season and blue badge parking could end in Ceredigion; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.tivysideadvertiser.co.uk/news/24552267.ceredigion-free-off-season-blue-badge-parking-end/; type: news; Description: On February 29, the council approved the budget for 2024/25, which included an expectation that £1,700,000 (net) in income is generated from existing Pay and Display car parks. In July, officers presented a report to the Thriving Communities Overview and Scrutiny Committee which set out a package of proposals which aimed to achieve this, as well as simplifying current charges and arrangements, in part through setting Ceredigion Coastal (Aberaeron, Aberystwyth, Cardigan and New Quay) and Ceredigion Inland (Lampeter, Llandysul and Tregaron) rates for general parking. A report for members of Ceredigion County Council's Cabinet, meeting on September 3, says: "Due to the significant financial challenges that the Council is facing, a failure to achieve the income expectation will result in a requirement for further budget savings to be found within Highways and Environmental Services beyond those already identified in the 2024/25 budget. "It is on this basis that the package would need to be accepted in its entirety, and it would not be possible for some of the measures e.g. reduced season ticket prices to progressed without the other proposals also being progressed." The lengthy list of changes proposed include Changes to Season Ticket offering a new Ceredigion Long Stay Car Park Season Ticket (with a special option for North Road Car Park, Aberystwyth), extending Maesyrafon Car Park in Aberystwyth into the former Arriva Site, gaining approximately 150 spaces, and changes to Cardigan's Pendre and Gloster Row / Red Lion Car Parks. On the more general parking in the county, it is proposed to have two bands with standardised tariffs, along with all current seasonal car parks reverting to charging all year round, and all current seasonal car parks reverting to charging hours of 8am-6pm. The proposed charges are: Ceredigion Coastal - Aberaeron, Aberystwyth, Cardigan and New Quay: 2 hours £3.50, 3 hours* £4 Greenfield Square only, 4 hours £4.50, 24 hours £6.50. Ceredigion Inland - Lampeter, Llandysul and Tregaron 2 hrs 2.50, 4hrs 3.50, 24hrs 4.50. For comparison, current rates in New Quay are: one hour £2.60, two hours £3.80, 24 hours £6.60. It is also proposed that all blue badge holders pay to park, with an extra hour's grace; currently only those entitled to £0 Vehicle Excise Duty have free parking. A complication for the Cabinet proposals is the July committee recommending that charges proposed to Blue badge holders be omitted. However, officers have said "it is advised that the charges proposed to Blue Badge holders should be retained within the proposal to be consulted upon, as it is estimated that a potential shortfall of £170,000 may be experienced against the income target that council has set based on an estimated 10 per cent of car park users being Blue Badge holders". There's an option for a roughly 50p increase if free blue badge parking is backed. Ceredigion Coastal: 2hrs £4, 3hrs* £4.50, 4 hours £5, 24 hours £7. Ceredigion Inland: Lampeter, Llandysul and Tregaron: 2hrs £3, 4 hrs £4, 24 hrs £5. Cabinet is recommended to back a public consultation on the proposed changes, with the two blue badge options; the item returning to Cabinet at a later date.;
            
                Title: England seamers rip through Sri Lanka after maiden Gus Atkinson first-class ton; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.expressandstar.com/sport/uk-sports/2024/08/30/england-seamers-rip-through-sri-lanka-after-maiden-gus-atkinson-first-class-ton/; type: news; Description: Gus Atkinson's glorious first summer as a Test cricketer continued with a maiden first-class hundred before England's seamers turned the screw against Sri Lanka. Already on two of the three Test honours boards at Lord's after a 12-wicket match haul against the West Indies on debut last month, Atkinson completed the set with a swashbuckling 118 off 115 deliveries. His innings from number eight, having come in at a dicey 215 for six, followed Joe Root's majestic 143 a day earlier and lifted England to 427 after being put in before Sri Lanka slumped to 129 for seven at tea on day two of this second Test. On a pitch that had few gremlins, England's fast bowlers hunted as a pack and there were two wickets apiece for the metronomic pair of Chris Woakes and Matthew Potts, with Olly Stone bagging two in an over on his return to Test cricket. Atkinson had a gift first up as he resumed on 74, glancing off his hip before crunching his second ball down the ground for back-to-back fours. He was given lbw from the third ball of an eventful first over but successfully reviewed, as Lahiru Kumara's in-ducker would have jagged past leg stump. Atkinson continued to unfurl his shots as the milestone hovered into view and after slight nerves on 99, beaten once on the outside edge, he punched the next ball through mid-off for four to bring up the sixth fastest ton at Lord's off just 103 deliveries. In doing so, Atkinson joined fellow Englishmen Gubby Allen, Ian Botham, Stuart Broad and Woakes, plus Australia's Keith Miller, as the only players who have taken five wickets in an innings, 10 in a match and made a hundred at the home of cricket. The belated introduction of Asitha Fernando saw Potts nick off for 21, ending an 85-run stand alongside Atkinson, before Sri Lanka turned to the short-ball ploy after England passed 400. The plan worked as Atkinson pulled into the deep, with Milan Rathnayake taking a jaw-dropping catch over his shoulder at deep midwicket off Fernando, who also accounted for Stone for 15 to become just the second Sri Lankan bowler after Rumesh Ratnayake in 1991 to take a five-for at Lord's. England then continued the momentum provided by their lower order when Sri Lanka came out to bat. Stand-in captain Ollie Pope grinned sheepishly after a bizarre review when Dimuth Karunaratne had played and missed by a long way off Atkinson while Nishan Madushka, opening the batting after keeping wicket for 102 overs, edged Woakes between Jamie Smith and Joe Root when still on nought. But the visitors were soon in trouble as they slipped to 32 for two, Madushka chopping on to be dismissed for the third time in three innings by Woakes and Karunaratne also bottom-edged on to his stumps from the final ball before lunch off Stone. On the resumption, Pathum Nissanka walked into England's leg slip trap as Stone bagged two wickets in his second over in his first Test since June 2021. Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal provided brief resistance but Pope simply shuffled his pack, bringing on Potts, who immediately probed away at the top of off-stump, giving little away. Potts was rewarded with a double-wicket maiden, turning both Mathews and Dhananjaya de Silva inside out to make it 83 for five. Mathews was undone with a beauty that moved down the slope and clipped the top of off for 22 while Sri Lanka captain Dhananjaya lasted three balls before nicking to second slip. Chandimal flicked round the corner to Dan Lawrence off Atkinson for 23 with Sri Lanka not yet in three figures before Woakes took the edge of Rathnayake, with Smith diving to his left to take the catch as Sri Lanka went to tea still trailing by 298 runs.;
            
                Title: Cowley Road Carnival afterparty schedule revealed; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.oxfordmail.co.uk/news/24553095.preview-cowley-road-carnival-afterparty-schedule/; type: news; Description: Cowley Road Carnival is making a triumphant return this weekend after five years, with an after party planned to keep the celebrations going. Following the success of the launch party in July, the after party promises an "unforgettable evening" filled with diverse music, dancing, and community vibes. The party will take place from 6.30pm until midnight on Sunday, September 1 at the James Street Tavern in Cowley. The night will feature an mix line-up of performances, including reggae, live bands, hip hop, house, bass, and drum and bass, showcasing the best of Oxford's vibrant music scene. READ MORE: Oxford McDonald's teams up with charity for family fun day Director of In-Spire Sounds, Kingsley Pratt-Boyden said: "It's great to see Carnival back after such a long wait. "We hope to see more community groups involved in Carnival next year too. "This Sunday, we're excited to play our part in the festivities during the procession through the day, and at the after party and to keep the energy going through the night." In-Spire Sounds' communications and events manager, Amelia Thornber said: "After the success of the launch party back in July, we cannot wait to host the afterparty back at James Street Tavern." Local resident Neda May Monadjem said: "It's finally here after four years! READ MORE: Bus service warning ahead of Cowley Road Carnival in Oxford "Can't wait to celebrate and enjoy Cowley Road Carnival." Dub Signal (Reggae) will perform 6.30pm until 7.15pm, followed by live band Bowa-na Mara until 8pm. Kemastry (Hip Hop) will then perform from 8pm until 8.20pm, followed by Piersy Blinders (House). Deep Cover (Bass), S.A.E (DNB) and Rawdio (DNB) will then perform from 9pm until midnight.;
            
                Title: These HP Wireless Printers Are up to 38% Off Right Now; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://lifehacker.com/tech/these-hp-officejet-wireless-printers-are-up-to-38-off-right-now; type: news; Description: We may earn a commission from links on this page. Deal pricing and availability subject to change after time of publication. These HP OfficeJet printers are on sale -- and they all share several features, like wireless connectivity with supposed auto-resolution of network issues; compatibility with Alexa for voice control; printing from anywhere using the HP smart app; and navigation via a touchscreen display. They also include a subscription to HP's Instant Ink service, which can save you from last-minute ink runs, though it does come with a monthly fee of $1.49 after the initial free months. Plus, all models are made with a certain percentage of recycled plastic. Note that these printers only work with HP cartridges, which could be an inconvenience if you prefer third-party options. The HP OfficeJet 8015e, currently priced at $99.99 (originally $159.99) has a print speed of up to 18 pages per minute in black and 10 in color. Its paper tray can hold up to 225 sheets and supports automatic two-sided printing. However, it reportedly faces issues like scanning limitations (handles only one page at a time) and occasional connectivity trouble, especially with iOS devices. If you need a bit more functionality, the HP OfficeJet Pro 8135e, now priced at $149.99 (down from $224.99), adds fax capabilities to the mix and offers slightly faster print speeds -- up to 20 pages per minute in black. Also, this model comes with HP Wolf Essential Security to keep your documents cyber-safe. On the downside, some users have reported that the installation process is confusing, and the printer struggles to find and connect to wifi networks. For those who want more bells and whistles, the HP OfficeJet Pro 9125e, currently $209.89 (down from $289.99), offers the fastest print speeds among the three -- 22 pages per minute in black and 18 in color. It also features a larger input capacity of 250 sheets, a low-on-paper sensor, and a two-sided auto document feeder, which could save you time on larger projects. Like the other HP models, this one has also faced complaints about difficult setup and connectivity issues. Comparatively, Canon's TR8520 printer offers similar features but is slightly pricier at $319.99.;
            
                Title: What Is a Reverse Mortgage (and Should You Ever Get One)?; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://lifehacker.com/money/what-is-a-reverse-mortgage; type: news; Description: A reverse mortgage is a unique type of loan designed for homeowners aged 62 or older. Unlike a traditional mortgage where you make monthly payments to the lender, a reverse mortgage allows you to borrow against your home's equity and receive money from the lender. However, it's crucial to understand that a reverse mortgage is not a quick ticket to free money -- it comes with several important considerations. Here's what you need to know. Like a traditional mortgage, homeowners borrow money using their home as security for the loan. But unlike traditional mortgages, you don't make monthly payments to the lender. Instead, the amount you owe grows over time. This is for a few reasons: Finally, the loan typically doesn't need to be repaid until you either sell the home, move out, or you pass away. Like with home equity loans and home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), the main reason someone might opt for a reverse mortgage is to get access to cash while borrowing against their equity. For seniors especially, that money could be clutch for cost-of-living expenses late in life, often after they've run out of other savings or sources of income. Reverse mortgages can be paid to you in any combination of the following: The amount you get varies greatly on your age, your home's value and location, and the cost of the loan. The greatest amounts typically go to the oldest owners living in the most expensive homes getting loans with the lowest costs. Most people get the most money from the Home Equity Conversion Mortgage (HECM), a federally insured program. Now don't get it twisted -- a reverse mortgage is not free money. It's still a loan that must be repaid eventually. Your debt increases over time. Think of it like this: Borrowed money + Interest + Fees each month = Rising loan balance And with a reverse mortgage, you continue to own your home, which means you're still responsible for property taxes, homeowners insurance, home repairs and maintenance, and so on. If you fail to pay property taxes, insurance, or maintain the home, the lender can use the loan to make these payments on your behalf or require you to repay the loan in full. Plus, as your loan balance grows, it reduces the equity in your home, potentially leaving less for your heirs. And the most glaring limitation: In most cases, you must be 62 or older to qualify for a reverse mortgage. A reverse mortgage can provide financial flexibility for some older homeowners, but it's not without risks and responsibilities. It's essential to carefully consider your long-term financial goals, discuss the options with your family, and consult with a financial advisor before deciding if a reverse mortgage is right for you. Remember, while you won't have monthly mortgage payments, you'll still need to budget for property taxes, insurance, and home maintenance to avoid defaulting on the loan.;
            
                Title: Paralympics: Onea im Vorlauf über 100 m Brust out; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://sport.orf.at/stories/3131891/; type: news; Description: Paraschwimmer Andreas Onea hat bei den Sommerspielen in Paris den angepeilten Finaleinzug über 100 m Brust verpasst. Der Niederösterreicher schwamm am Samstag in seinem Vorlauf in 1:13,71 Minuten auf Rang sechs und belegt damit insgesamt Platz zwölf. Für den Finaleinzug wäre ein Top-Acht-Platz nötig gewesen. "Es ist leider brutal eng. Ich weiß, dass ich es kann, ich hatte in den letzten Wochen sehr gute Trainings. Es ist bitter, dass es dann im entscheidenden Moment nicht ganz klappt", ärgerte sich Onea trotz solider Zeit. Für einen Finaleinzug hätte er 1:12,66 Minuten oder schneller schwimmen müssen. "Ich bin die ersten 50 Meter eine Spur zu schnell angegangen, das hat mir auf den letzten Metern gefehlt. Sonst war es ein technisch hochwertiges Rennen. In der Erstanalyse haben wir keine Fehler gesehen, außer, dass ich vielleicht zu viel wollte", meinte der Niederösterreicher. Für seinen zweiten Einsatz am Sonntag stimmt ihn das Rennen dennoch optimistisch: "Man muss riskieren, man muss attackieren. Diese feine Linie zu treffen - volle Attacke, aber nicht zu viel wollen - ist leider sehr schwierig. Jedes Finale, das ohne mich stattfindet, tut weh. Aber ich weiß, was ich kann, auch in Hinblick auf die 200 Meter Lagen." Über 200 m Lagen erwartet Onea erneut "ein brutales Rennen, die Dichte ist groß. Ich kann den Sprung ins Finale schaffen, das Gefühl im Wasser ist gut. Die Zuversicht ist groß, dass es am Sonntag mit dem Finale klappt.";
            
                Title: Stansfield, Dykes, Hall, Miyoshi - Chris Davies addresses Blues transfers; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/stansfield-dykes-hall-miyoshi-chris-29839744; type: news; Description: Chris Davies is still hoping to sign 'one or two' more players as Birmingham City's summer transfer window enters its final few hours. The Blues manager has seen 15 new faces come to the club, with Scott Wright the latest to arrive on a three-year deal just this morning. George Hall has moved on loan to Walsall - and Romelle Donovan could go to League One Burton - while Koji Miyoshi looks set to end his Blues career after just one season and join Bochum. However the name on everyone's lips is Jay Stansfield with Blues said to have put in a second bid for the Fulham attacker - everyone's lips that is except for Davies who kept his cards very close to his chest at Friday's press conference. READ MORE: Confirmed: Birmingham City sanction midfielder loan transfer LIVE UPDATES: Birmingham City transfer deadline day live as Blues set for busy final few hours "From my point of view with Jay he belongs to another football club it would be disrespectful of me to talk about players that belong to other football clubs," Davies said. "I can't really add any more to that. All I can say is I think everyone knows Jay here, his qualities and he displayed that again the other night, unfortunately against us. But as I say he belongs to Fulham. "I think we're still hoping to get one or two done but this is always a kind of a dynamic situation, a bit of a moving target, So we'll see how things progress in the next few hours." Wright became Blues' 15th signing of the summer, for a reported £300,000 from Rangers, and is a player Davies knows well. "He is fast, direct has good experience of playing the game at a club with high expectations in Rangers and all the pressures that come with that. I was aware of him when I was up in Scotland. "He came through at Aberdeen and I remember he kind of caught my eye even back then and then he's gone to Rangers, and he's done well, he's had some some big moments for the club and one particularly successful season. "This is his first time in England so he's going to really want to attack this challenge with everything he has. He's hungry to to show what he can do, he's a hard working and honest player that has speed and can be a threat in the wide area." Striker Lyndon Dykes is more of a known quantity having spent the last few season with QPR. Davies said: "He's obviously a kind of a mobile, reference point striker, where he's strong and physical and aggressive but he's got a lot more to his game than that. "He links up the game very well. He can drop in and connect and control and pass really well, is technically good, and then very dangerous in the box, and it gives us something a little bit different to what we've had. I'm really, really happy that he's managed to join us. "Again it's someone that will press from the front, work hard. We're on a journey here and we're bringing players in that we want to go with us on this journey and he's he's one of those." As for Hall, the 20-year-old has joined the Saddlers on a season-long loan, Davies explained. "George is going to go get some games. He's had a solid preseason, he's stayed fit and available since the first thing. "So full credit to George and his professionalism for that, his body stood up to the test and it's now time for him to go and get some meaningful game-time that he probably wasn't going to get here, which I think is excellent." What have you made of Blues' window so far? Have your say here This article contains affiliate links, we will receive a commission on any sales we generate from it. Learn more Sky Sports deal Sky Sports launches 'lowest price' Premier League package Sky has slashed the price of its Sky Sports, Sky Stream, Sky TV and Netflix bundle in an unbeatable new deal that saves £216 and includes 1,400 live matches across the Premier League, EFL and more. With Ultra HD included at no extra cost, football fans can enjoy the 2024/25 season with crystal clear picture quality. £43 Sky Get the deal here;
            
                Title: Paralympics: Lässer verpasst Finale im 1.000-m-Zeitfahren; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://sport.orf.at/stories/3131890/; type: news; Description: Bahnradfahrer Franz-Josef Lässer hat am Freitag bei den Paralympischen Spielen in Paris den Finaleinzug verpasst. Der Steirer kam im Zeitfahren über 1.000 m nicht über Platz zwölf hinaus, auf das Finale der Top Sechs fehlten ihm rund 0,6 Sekunden. Debütant Lässer ist am Samstag auch noch in der Qualifikation über 4.000 m im Einsatz. Außerdem greift der 23-Jährige am Mittwoch im Einzelzeitfahren auf der Straße und am Freitag im Straßenrennen an. Im Duell mit dem Briten Jody Cundy, seines Zeichens Weltrekordhalter, erwischte Lässer den schlechteren Start, war dementsprechend früh unter Druck. Die erhoffte Aufholjagd blieb aus. Lässer absolvierte die vier Runden im 250-m-Oval von Saint Quentin en Yvelines in 1:06,463 Minuten. "Wir haben gewusst, dass es heute schwer wird, ins Finale der schnellsten sechs Fahrer einzuziehen. Aber mit Blick auf Samstag war es wichtig, dass Franz-Josef dieses Rennen in den Beinen hat und wir als Team einmal alles durchgespielt haben", so Headcoach Beatrix Arlitzer.;
            
                Title: Oasis vinyl and CD sales soar more than 500% ahead of epic reunion gigs; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/oasis-vinyl-cd-sales-soar-33570547; type: news; Description: Sales of Oasis's back catalogue have surged by more than six times the number the previous week, amid huge demand ahead of their comeback concert tickets going on sale, according to HMV. The entertainment retailer said it also witnessed a jump in pre-orders for the band's 30th anniversary edition of their Definitely Maybe album, which was released on Friday. The Manchester band confirmed their long-awaited reunion plans on Monday. Liam and Noel Gallagher's band will kick off at Cardiff's Principality Stadium next summer, before playing Manchester's Heaton Park, London's Wembley Stadium, Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium and Dublin's Croke Park throughout July and August. Tickets for the concerts will be available for general sale on Saturday. HMV said the announcement has sparked demand for the band's back catalogue and its latest release. This week, sales across its full catalogue of records and CDs was 526% higher than during the previous week at HMV. Sales of their Definitely Maybe LP rose by 443% week on week, while What's The Story (Morning Glory) and Knebworth 1996 rose 684% and 209% respectively. The retailer added that pre-orders for Oasis's 30th anniversary edition of Definitely Maybe were double compared with where they were a week earlier. Phil Halliday, managing director of HMV and sister business Fopp, said: "Oasis are a truly iconic band who have made such a positive impact on British music. "Sales figures from the past week, both in-store and online, pay testament to their popularity across the nation. It's great to see so many people revisiting their vinyl catalogue, from classic releases like Definitely Maybe all the way through the Knebworth LP. I'm sure I won't be the only one trying to get my hands on tickets on Saturday." The famous brothers will begin in Cardiff and end in Dublin as the Mirror revealed Oasis will move onto their North America tour in August and September next year. Announcing their comeback, Liam and Noel said: "The guns have fallen silent. The stars have aligned. The great wait is over. Come see. It will not be televised." Oasis have promised "wall to wall classics" as they mark the 30th anniversary of their second album (What's the Story) Morning Glory?. Original Oasis guitarist Paul 'Bonehead' Arthurs is rumoured to be joining Liam and Noel, while we revealed Gem Archer is also expected to join the reunion. General sale starts on Saturday 31 August while those who secured pre-sale access can get them today. Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .;
            
                Title: ESMA Warns Of Increasing Market Sensitivity - FinanceFeeds; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://financefeeds.com/esma-warns-of-increasing-market-sensitivity/; type: news; Description: The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) has issued its second risk monitoring report for 2024, highlighting the growing sensitivity of EU financial markets following strong early-year performance. ESMA, the EU's financial markets regulator and supervisor, identifies significant risks across its remit, driven by external events that continue to impact market evolution. In early 2024, less volatile markets and a resurgence of risk-taking in higher-yield segments suggested expectations of a 'soft landing.' However, recent developments underscore the market's heightened sensitivity, particularly to interest rate changes, deteriorating credit risk, and political news. ESMA warns of a high risk of market corrections, exacerbated by fragile liquidity conditions in equity and other markets. "Markets are increasingly nervous about the economic outlook and political events, as evidenced by the dip in equity valuations in early August and volatility around recent European and French elections," said Verena Ross, ESMA's Chair. She emphasized the need for continued close monitoring of financial markets and strong coordination with national authorities. Key Structural Developments in H1 2024 - Market-Based Finance: Capital availability for European corporates has remained stable, though the environment remains challenging for equity issuance. IPO activity showed signs of recovery, while corporate bond issuance, strong in Q1 2024, declined in the second quarter. The outlook for corporate bonds reveals a significant maturity wall from 2024 to 2028, raising concerns about corporate debt sustainability, especially in lower-quality segments. - Sustainable Finance: Interest in sustainable investments has been strong in recent years, signaling investor support for the green transition. However, recent ESG-related market trends have raised concerns about the ability to mobilize private capital, with a slowdown in green bond issuance and outflows from sustainable funds in the latter half of 2023. The success of transition finance instruments may depend on firms' ability to present credible transition plans. - Financial Innovation: Crypto-assets surged in the first half of 2024, driven by the approval of spot Bitcoin and Ether exchange-traded products (ETPs) in the US, pushing global market valuation to EUR 2.2 trillion by June, a 40% increase from end-2023. Liquidity levels returned to pre-FTX collapse levels, but volatility in early August led to significant declines in crypto valuations. High concentration in both crypto-assets and exchanges remains a concern. Ongoing Market Monitoring - Securities Markets: Asset prices saw upward trends with minimal volatility in early 2024, amid expectations of future rate cuts. Market volatility spiked during the EU elections in June and July, and a brief dip in global equity valuations in early August was linked to weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data. Corporate bond spreads, particularly for high-yield corporates, continued to fall despite declining credit quality, particularly in the real estate sector, potentially indicating a misjudgment of risks. - Asset Management: EU funds performed positively across categories, with inflows into fixed-income funds, including bond funds and money market funds (MMFs). Despite rising interest rates, a broad perception of declining credit risk has kept credit spreads low. However, the declining credit quality of bond fund portfolios raises concerns about the potential for disorderly repricing of risky assets. Liquidity risks and potential losses related to interest rate, credit risk, and valuation issues remain, with open-ended real estate funds particularly vulnerable due to structural liquidity mismatches and downward pressure on housing market valuations. ESMA continues to prioritize market monitoring and coordination with national authorities to mitigate these risks.;
            
                Title: All the Love Is Blind UK cast members who had cosmetic surgery and work done for the show; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://thetab.com/uk/2024/08/30/love-is-blind-uk-cast-members-who-had-cosmetic-surgery-383761; type: news; Description: The show is literally about getting engaged sight unseen, but it seems some of the Love Is Blind UK cast had some cosmetic work and surgery done ahead of the experiment to make sure they looked their best. From lip fillers to nose jobs, the first bunch of UK daters in the pods really wanted to make sure they felt on top of the world ahead of their big pod engagements and reveals. Here is a rundown of the Love Is Blind UK cast members who had cosmetic work or surgery done ahead of the experiment. On Instagram, Catherine has been tagged in a photo of her getting "Russian lips" lip filler done, at a spa in her hometown of Jersey. Russian lip filler is a cosmetic technique that involves injecting filler into the lips to create a more defined and contoured appearance. The average price for this is around £300, depending on where you get it done and how much filler you choose. Sam had a pretty big transformation ahead of Love Is Blind UK, revealing he had mega expensive nose surgery ahead of the show. In a YouTube video posted by New You, a Harley Street clinic, Sam took viewers along on his surgery journey - from speaking out before the procedure, to showing off how he looked afterwards. During the clip, Sam said one of his biggest insecurities about his nose was the idea of people seeing his "bad side" on his wedding day. He said he felt "dread" thinking about going down the aisle with his nose how it looked before. Sam revealed he had rhinoplasty surgery to have his nose "reshaped". On the website for New You clinic, Sam's face is the poster for a ultrasonic rhinoplasty, which it states "uses ultrasonic energy emitted from a specially designed hand piece to precisely sculpt the bones of the nose without causing any damage to the soft tissues. This means increased precision, less swelling and a faster recovery." In the UK, the average cost of ultrasonic rhinoplasty can range from £2,200 to £11,000. Given Sam had his done at a very fancy clinic, we could estimate his was on the higher side of this bracket. In August 2023, a month before the Love Is Blind UK weddings were filmed, Jasmine visited an aesthetics clinic and had a b12 injection. This is done to increase energy and boost mood, support your immune system, and support hair, skin and nail growth. It also looks as though Jasmine may have had some fillers, but this hasn't been confirmed. A b12 injections package where Jasmine went is £80. The first season of Love Is Blind UK is available on Netflix now. For all the latest Netflix news, drops, quizzes and memes like The Holy Church of Netflix on Facebook. * Ok there's major beef going on between Ollie, Demi and Jasmine after Love Is Blind UK * It lasted 86 days: A full timeline of Sabrina and Steven's failed Love Is Blind UK marriage * An exact breakdown of who was scouted and who applied for Love Is Blind UK;
            
                Title: M23, A23 and A27 road closures to look out for in Sussex this weekend; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.theargus.co.uk/news/24546959.sussex-road-closures-august-30-september-1-including-a27/; type: news; Description: A small number of motorway and A Road closures will affect Sussex traffic this weekend, according to National Highways England. These will mainly be on the A27 in the early hours of the morning for maintenance work. If you are set to be travelling along these areas, it's best to take note of different diversions that may be in place. Here's a list of all the closures from Friday, August 30 to Sunday, September 1 on Sussex's main roads to be aware of. No full road closures are scheduled for the M23 on this day but there will be a lane closure in both directions between Junction 8 and 9. This will take place from 9pm on Friday to 7am on Saturday due to communication works. More detail on road closures can be found on the National Highways website.;
            
                Title: Cancer expert's early signs of tumours in the body that need to be spotted early; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/health/cancer-experts-early-signs-tumours-33570566; type: news; Description: Cancer is the result of damage or changes to our cells' genetic material. Dr Wouter Hendrickx, principal investigator of the Functional Cancer Omics Laboratory, in the cancer department at Sidra Medicine, said: "Such alterations can occur due to a multitude of factors like ageing, exposure to certain chemicals and substances, lifestyle choices, and even inherited gene mutations. "Cancer is indeed a serious disease and regular screening and self-examinations are critical for early detection." It's also important to note any unusual symptoms as part of self-examinations. Dr Hendrick outlined the early signs of cancer: Unusual lumps or swelling Unexplained weight loss or gain Persistent fatigue Changes in the skin Difficulty swallowing Persistent cough Trouble breathing Unexplained aches and pains. "However, many of these symptoms can also be associated with conditions other than cancer," Dr Hendrickx pointed out. "Therefore, it's crucial to consult a healthcare professional if you experience any persistent or unexplained symptoms." Dr Hendrickx reassured that the pace of improvement in cancer treatments has been remarkable over the past few decades, and it continues to accelerate. He further added: "Advances in genomics have led to the development of personalised therapies, which tailor treatment based on the specific genetic makeup of a person's cancer. Immunotherapy, which utilises the power of the body's immune system to fight cancer, is another area of rapid advancement. "Similarly, progress in technologies like CRISPR gene editing and CAR-T cell therapies hold enormous potential." Recent breakthroughs in cancer biology have not just focused on the proliferation of cancer cells, but also on the significant role that stroma and immune factors within tumours play, reports the Express. Dr Hendrickx highlighted a new area of interest, stating: "Recently, the role of the microbiome and its influence on our immune system has come to light. However, it's essential to note that while progress is swift, the translation of this new knowledge into new treatments and their approval takes time to ensure safety and efficacy." Experts strongly advise anyone who notices potential signs of cancer to immediately consult their doctor for professional advice.;
            
                Title: Youngster 'befriended' by gang caught with cutting agents and a stun gun; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.lancs.live/news/lancashire-news/man-caught-cutting-agents-stun-29831313; type: news; Description: A man who had a stun gun in his bedroom when police carried out a raid has been spared jail. Oliver Morris, 20, became involved with a drugs gang when he moved to a new area and wanted to make new friends, Preston Crown Court heard. In February 2024, Donald Callaghan was jailed for seven and a half years for his role at the top of the chain. Four others received jail sentences ranging from six years to three years for their roles in the conspiracy to supply cocaine to drug users in Skelmersdale. A courier for the gang was handed a suspended sentence and another man who allowed his home to be used in the comnspiracy was also spared jail. READ MORE: Carer blinded woman with stiletto heel on night out with sister However text messages recovered during the investigation linked Morris to the scheme. Officers raided his flat and discovered benzocaine - a common cutting agent used with cocaine, and digital scales. A stun gun was on his bedroom floor. Messages showed he was in contact with other members of the conspiracy, prosecutor Myles Wilson said. Morris was arrested at his flat in Cherrycroft, Skelmersdale, and pleaded guilty to possession of an offensive weapon and being concerned with the supply of class A drugs. He said he was new to the area and was looking after the items as a favour for his new friends. He was a cannabis user but had little contact with cocaine. However he had met the group at the pool table in a local pub and had become friendly with them. Reports stated Morris was vulnerable as he has learning difficulties, ADHD and other mental health problems. He would be easily exploited. "He was certainly used by others far more criminally minded than himself", his barrister Adam Lodge said. "Any drugs which passed through his hands, if any, were minimal." Morris has no previous convictions and despite his educational difficulties passed his GCSEs with additional support in a specialist setting. Judge Ian Unsworth, sentencing, said: "The trafficking of drugs wrecks communities, wrecks families and wrecks individuals. Those who peddle drugs, particularly at the levels that were being peddled in this conspiracy, are peddling misery. "Those in charge of such operations like to recruit people like you who are vulnerable, impressionable and who can easily be persuaded to help them in any way they see fit. As you now know, they do not care about you - they care about the profits they can obtain by peddling this misery." The judge said he thought there was a reasonable prospect of rehabilitation and sentenced Morris to 21 months suspended for two years with 40 days of rehabilitation activity requirements. Subscribe to our daily newsletter LANCS LIVE NEWS and get all the biggest stories from across Lancashire direct to your inbox;
            
                Title: Rare £2 coin with tiny 'error' sells for hundreds - see if you own one; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.lancs.live/news/uk-world-news/rare-2-coin-tiny-error-29840841; type: news; Description: Rare coins can earn you a lot of money, especially ones with errors. Depending on the circulation and mintage, some of your change is worth a lot more than you really think. For example the Kew Gardens 50p coin, with just 210,000 of these in circulation, you can see why everyone wants one. On a good day, one of these coins can flog for £250 or more over on eBay. But now it's time to turn your attention to a very special £2 coin. TikTok user @CoinCollectingWizard claimed one of these coins sold for £123 at auction, over 60 times its face value. He described the 2016 Shakespeare's Tragedies £2 coin which was issued to mark the 400th anniversary of his death. There were three coins released to honour a different genre of the poet's genre, including tragedies, comedies and histories. So have you ever wondered why this specific one is so special? The user said: "It's a hard to spot error affecting the edge of the coin that has attracted interest from collectors. Instead of the standard edge inscription, which should read, 'What a piece of work is a man', this one has the words from another £2 coin around the edge. Mint errors like this one can add significant value to common coins." It's worth noting the error coin will have the edge inscription for king and country. A handful of £2 coins are making headlines due to incorrect edge inscriptions, where the edge detail intended for one commemorative design was mistakenly used on another coin from the same year. Now since the video was shared on TikTok, it garnered 200 likes and dozens of comments. One said: "I have one." While another added: "Wow!";
            
                Title: Daniel Friderichs, Yossi Koffler, and Bernhard Knetsch: Clacton's complex relationship with Farage and Brexit | Conservative Home; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://conservativehome.com/2024/08/30/daniel-friderichs-yossi-koffler-and-bernhard-knetsch-clactons-complex-relationship-with-farage-and-brexit/; type: news; Description: Daniel Friderichs is a former CT Group Senior Campaigner and founder of Friderichs Advisory Partners. Dr Yossi Koffler is a clinical psychologist, and Bernhard Knetsch a data consultant In the wake of significant political and economic shifts, understanding public sentiment has never been more crucial. Our groundbreaking study delves into the emotional core of Clacton, a coastal town that has become a bellwether for Brexit sentiment in the UK. By employing an innovative statistical approach, we've mapped the complex tapestry of emotions that drive public opinion on three pivotal topics: Brexit, the economy, and Nigel Farage. Imagine being able to peer into the collective psyche of a community. That's precisely what our study aimed to achieve. We used a sophisticated tool called Confirmatory Factor Analysis (CFA) to decode the emotional responses of over 500 Clacton residents. Think of CFA as an emotional X-ray, revealing how different feelings cluster together to form broader sentiments. Our questionnaire measured over 20 distinct emotions, from enthusiasm to fear, pride to anxiety. By analysing how these emotions group together, we have uncovered fascinating insights into the town's emotional pulse. Brexit: A tale of hope and apprehension Clacton's relationship with Brexit is far from simple. Our analysis revealed a surge of positive emotions, with residents feeling remarkably determined, attentive, and inspired when thinking about leaving the EU. This enthusiasm paints a picture of a community united in its optimism about Brexit, possibly fuelled by a sense of reclaimed national identity and sovereignty. However, beneath this wave of positivity, currents of fear and anxiety still flow. While not as pronounced as the positive sentiments, these concerns suggest that even in a pro-Brexit stronghold like Clacton, the path ahead is viewed with some trepidation. Interestingly, we found that positive and negative emotions about Brexit do not seem to influence each other significantly. This suggests a polarised view where optimism and anxiety coexist without necessarily affecting one another. The Economy: A mixed bag of determination and worry When it comes to the economy, Clacton's residents are caught in an emotional tug-of-war. On one hand, there's a sense of determination and activity, indicating a readiness to face economic challenges head-on. On the other hand, significant fear and nervousness lurk beneath the surface. Unlike their feelings about Brexit, residents' emotions about the economy are more intertwined. People often feel both hopeful and worried simultaneously, reflecting the complex and often unpredictable nature of economic forces. Farage: A lightning rod for emotion Few figures in British politics evoke as strong a response as Farage, and Clacton is no exception. Our study reveals that he is a deeply polarising figure in the town. Those who support him feel an intense sense of pride, inspiration, and enthusiasm. His detractors, however, express equally strong feelings of distress and fear. The emotional divide over Farage is stark. Unlike the more nuanced feelings about the economy, people tend to fall firmly into either the pro or anti-Farage camp, with little middle ground. -- Understanding these emotional undercurrents is crucial for anyone seeking to grasp the political and economic landscape of Britain today. For policymakers, these insights could be invaluable in crafting messages that resonate with the public's hopes and address their fears. Business leaders might use this information to gauge consumer confidence and economic outlook. Political strategists could leverage these emotional insights to shape more effective campaigns. Moreover, this study demonstrates the power of emotional analysis in understanding public sentiment. By looking beyond simple approval ratings or voting intentions, we gain a richer, more nuanced picture of what drives people's opinions and behaviours. As Britain continues to navigate its post-Brexit future and grapple with economic and immigration challenges, studies like ours provide a vital window into the nation's emotional state. The method we have pioneered in Clacton could be applied to other communities across the globe, helping to build a comprehensive emotional maps of any nation. In an era where data is king, understanding the emotions that underpin public opinion could be the key to unlocking more effective governance, more responsive businesses, and a more engaged citizenry. As we have seen in Clacton, beneath the surface of every political and economic decision lies a complex web of human emotion, waiting to be understood.;
            
                Title: Scots cop hit by car and rushed to hospital as officers lock down streets; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/scots-cop-hit-car-rushed-33569157; type: news; Description: A police probe is underway after an officer was hit by a car in Hamilton today. Officers from Police Scotland and paramedics raced to the town's Low Waters Road at around 1pm this afternoon, following reports of the incident. The officer involved was rushed to hospital as a probe into the incident got underway. Glasgow Live reports the male officer was a pedestrian and that his current condition is not known. Locals reported seeing around nine police vehicles alongside dog units and a helicopter flying overhead as the emergency services descended on the scene. It is understood that Downie Street, Hall Street and Hutchison Street are currently closed. Enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "We are investigating a collision involving a pedestrian and a vehicle on Low Waters Road in Hamilton around 1pm on Friday, 30 August, 2024. "The pedestrian, a male police officer, was taken to hospital for treatment. Officers remain and the scene and enquiries are ongoing to establish the full circumstances." A spokesperson for Traffic Scotland said: "Police have advised Low Waters Road, Hamilton is CLOSED due to an ongoing police incident "The road is closed between Downie Street and Hall Street." Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond - Sign up to our daily newsletter here.;
            
                Title: Salah has revealed the reason for new 'bow and arrow' celebration; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thisisanfield.com/2024/08/mo-salah-has-revealed-the-reason-for-his-new-bow-and-arrow-goal-celebration/; type: news; Description: After debuting a new goal celebration this season, drawing and firing an imaginary bow and arrow, Mohamed Salah has explained the reason behind it. Salah has given a number of different celebrations his trademark throughout his time at Liverpool, and this season he has pulled out a new one. After goals against both Ipswich and Brentford, the No. 11 wheeled off with a 'bow and arrow' celebration - which fans can now expect to see continue. Having previously put together celebrations inspired by his daughter, the origin of Salah's latest effort has been the subject of much debate. And speaking to Men in Blazers this week, the Egyptian has revealed the surprise motivation for him to use this new iteration. "I was watching the UFC, [Alex] Pereira against Israel [Adesanya]," Salah explained. "Adesanya, when he won the second fight against Pereira, he celebrated like that. Pereira I think beat him in the first one. "It's become, in the end, [that] people take it as [being because] our Egyptian pharaohs used to do it when they drew something [in] a temple or just in the pyramids or somewhere." Having turned 32 in June, Salah is into the last year of his contract at Liverpool, and as it stands there has been no breakthrough when it comes to an extension. The club appear reluctant to hand new long-term deals to their all-time fifth highest goalscorer along with their captain, Virgil van Dijk, as they are into their 30s. But in a separate interview with Sky Sports, Salah insisted he remains relaxed over his future as he intends to "enjoy the last year." "I just came before the season and I was just like, 'I've got one year left so let's just enjoy it and don't think about the contract now'," he said. "[I] don't think about anything and I really just enjoy it. "I don't want to think about next year. I don't want to think about the future, just 'OK, let's enjoy the last year [of my contract] and we'll see'. "The most important thing is to take one day at a time and just be grateful to be here.";
            
                Title: Les Allemands et la libération de Paris, août 1944 : quand les occupants deviennent prisonniers; date: 2024-08-30; URL: http://theconversation.com/les-allemands-et-la-liberation-de-paris-aout-1944-quand-les-occupants-deviennent-prisonniers-237796; type: news; Description: Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne provides funding as a member of The Conversation FR. Alors que l'on célèbre les 80 ans de la libération de Paris et que l'on disserte sur sa signification militaire et politique, le cadre franco-français retenu continue à éclipser les occupants allemands du drame qui s'est joué en août 1944. Bien peu de Parisiens savent aujourd'hui que ces combats ont fait des prisonniers ; encore moins que ces vaincus ont joué un rôle central dans le mythe fondateur d'une France résistante se libérant par elle-même. Retour sur un événement franco-allemand à hauteur de captif. Les Allemands à Paris en août 1944 Dès 1940, alors que l'État français du maréchal Pétain s'installe à Vichy, Paris devient la capitale de l'occupation allemande et concentre les administrations du vainqueur, à commencer par le gouvernement militaire en France (Militarbefehlshaber in Frankreich). En août 1944, alors que le débarquement rend leur repli inéluctable, Paris n'est plus la ville où les permissionnaires du Reich viennent prendre du bon temps, mais un théâtre potentiel d'opérations qu'Adolf Hitler ordonne au dernier gouverneur militaire du Gross Paris de défendre coûte que coûte, quitte à la réduire " à un champ de ruines " (ordre du 23 août 1944). Néanmoins, le général von Choltitz ne dispose pas des moyens nécessaires pour offrir une véritable résistance. La garnison allemande compte quelque 17 000 hommes, dont seulement 6 000 à Paris. Leur très inégale expérience combattante, ainsi que leur équipement insuffisant rendent toute résistance illusoire. [Déjà plus de 120 000 abonnements aux newsletters The Conversation. Et vous ? Abonnez-vous aujourd'hui pour mieux comprendre les grands enjeux du monde.] Choisissant de concentrer leurs forces dans une douzaine de points d'appui fortifiés, principalement au centre et à l'ouest, les Allemands affrontent les insurgés à partir du 19 août. Quand von Choltitz, prisonnier, signe, six jours plus tard, sa reddition, les Allemands ont perdu 3 200 hommes et ont vu 12 800 de leurs soldats faits prisonniers. Comment les captures se sont-elles déroulées ? Les occupants entrent en captivité Il existe assez peu de documentation - française ou allemande - sur ce basculement. On peut toutefois retracer la capture et le traitement des femmes et hauts gradés allemands faits prisonniers à l'hôtel Meurice, des grands blessés laissés par la Wehrmacht à l'hôpital de la Pitié, ainsi que le sort d'autres simples soldats capturés lors de la bataille de Paris. L'importance stratégique et symbolique de la capitale, comme l'identité et le nombre des occupants allemands s'y trouvant en août 1944, attirent l'attention et entraînent la multiplication des médiations en leur faveur. Ainsi, le consul général de Suède - nation protectrice des intérêts allemands -, le gouvernement helvétique - puissance protectrice des prisonniers allemands -, ou encore le Comité international de la Croix-Rouge et l'abbé Stock, désormais captifs à la Pitié après avoir été aumônier allemand dans les prisons parisiennes, en tant qu'intermédiaires, obtiennent l'assurance du nouveau gouvernement français que les vaincus seront traités selon la Convention de Genève. La présence physique d'une tierce partie, en particulier auprès des prisonniers, en premier lieu des malades, crée une médiation qui limite la confrontation à la seule capture. La superposition d'intérêts politiques nationaux qui engagent l'honneur de la France, bien compris par les chefs FFI (Forces françaises de l'Intérieur) locaux, a sans doute également contribué à étouffer l'éclosion des ressentis des Parisiens et à encadrer l'action des bystanders (parfois traduit par " témoin " ou " spectateur ", le terme renvoie aux réactions des individus qui assistent à un événement) lors des redditions. Enfin, la rapide et massive reddition des troupes allemandes, les caractéristiques des combats dans la capitale, l'intervention des troupes régulières expliquent que les vaincus ont été relativement bien traités. Les 78 femmes - forces auxiliaires de l'état-major désormais prisonnières de guerre allemandes - ont ainsi bénéficié d'un traitement spécifique. Prises en charge dès le 25 août par la Croix-Rouge française, elles sont " internées en lieu sûr " à l'hôtel Bristol sous la protection à partir du 26 de la police et des gardes républicains requis " tant pour un service d'ordre (en raison de certains remous de la foule) que pour leur garde " (Archives du Comité international de la Croix-Rouge (ACICR), Genève, G8/51 VIII, 318-31, note du 23/03/1945 du Dr. de Morsier, " l'historique relatif à l'internement des femmes allemandes "). Par la suite installées rue du faubourg Saint-Honoré, elles sont prises en charge par le secours social qui les approvisionne quotidiennement. De son côté, le CICR a monté un poste social et sanitaire permanent, le tout manifestement coordonné par son délégué, le docteur de Morsier. Quant aux 1 228 soldats, ils sont rassemblés à la caserne Dupleix, dans le XVe arrondissement, jusqu'à leur remise, le 17 octobre, aux autorités américaines, qui les transportent sans encombre jusqu'au camp de Chartres. Les 145 restants sont envoyés, à la fermeture de ce camp, sur celui de Fort-de-Cormeilles, à une douzaine de km de Paris (Service historique de la Défense, Vincennes, GR29 R 1 (2), document n° 2903 EMRP/2 du 18/10/1944 de Kœnig, gouverneur militaire de Paris et commandant régional de Paris, " Les mouvements de prisonniers allemands remis aux autorités américaines à Chartres ".). Le prisonnier de guerre allemand, figure centrale de l'épopée de la Libération Entre le 19 et le 26 août, la libération de Paris devient le symbole de la victoire et d'une République restaurée. La capitale incarne un nouvel esprit français, célébré par de multiples festivités, la remontée des Champs-Élysées par le général de Gaulle, et le courage des résistants. " Les FFI ont fait 9 000 prisonniers en une semaine ", titre le 30 août 1944 Sud-Ouest. Les forces françaises, notamment de l'Intérieur (FFI) dont les effectifs sont estimés entre 300 000 et 400 000 personnes, deviennent les héros emblématiques de cette libération, associant résistance locale et épopée nationale. Dans cette symbolique hautement politique, les prisonniers de guerre allemands occupent une place charnière, largement mise en scène par la presse de nouveau libre : le soldat vaincu de Hitler apparaît comme le marqueur d'une dynamique qui s'est inversée en faveur des Alliés et balise l'imaginaire de la reconquête. Et pour cause : à l'inverse des Américains, la deuxième campagne de France ne marque pas seulement la fin de la Seconde Guerre mondiale, mais solde une étrange défaite et cinq ans d'occupation. C'est bien parce que l'Allemand vainqueur a été au cœur du déshonneur de la France que le soldat vaincu doit être au centre du processus de restauration de l'estime de soi. Le processus se déploie par la mise en scène du saisissant renversement des rôles entre Allemands et Français : l'héroïsation du peuple de Paris passe par la dévalorisation de l'occupant. À la fin de l'histoire, le soldat de la Wehrmacht devient un prisonnier La presse, photographies à l'appui, s'attache à déconstruire l'image du combattant allemand véhiculée par la propagande nazie : au soldat sûr de la victoire, prêt à la Heldentot (la mort héroïque au combat), d'une fidélité indéfectible, et respectueux des lois de la guerre, elle oppose à l'envi cette retraite chaotique qui se transforme en débâcle et ces Allemands désormais dépeints comme des prisonniers soumis. Et les journaux parisiens de conter des saynètes de capture qui ridiculisent l'adversaire, ou de stigmatiser le fanatisme de combattants, reflet d'une idéologie contemptrice du genre humain. Ils multiplient des portraits à rebours des affiches de propagande nazie. La vingtaine de soldats rencontrés par le journaliste de La Marseillaise à la préfecture de Paris après leur capture par les Francs-Tireurs Partisans, disent avoir été abandonnés par leurs officiers (La Marseillaise, 28 août 1944, " Des Prisonniers allemands m'ont dit... "). Ils ont - expliquent-ils - continué à se battre par peur d'être " massacrés " par les " sauvages ", comme la propagande nazie leur a dépeint les FFI. Ils reconnaissent cependant être traités selon la Convention de Genève. Le journaliste se fait pédagogue à destination de ces vaincus soulagés d'avoir été arrêtés comme de ses lecteurs. " Qu'il est loin le guerrier allemand si flambant et si plein de morgue du printemps 1940 ! ", conclut-il pour les deux populations. Ces représentations de l'ennemi ne se contentent toutefois pas de décrire la défaite d'Allemands, mais illustrent la fin d'un régime triomphalement entré à Paris en 1940. Une photographie prise pendant l'insurrection illustre ce renversement. Intitulée " Un groupe d'Allemands se rend ", elle montre sept membres de la Wehrmacht se rendant, mains en l'air, face à des lignes ennemies, symbolisant la soumission des Allemands. Le cadrage large intègre le contexte urbain parisien, soulignant que Paris, bien que martyrisée, est devenue cette ville libérée par ses propres habitants. Articles comme photographies transforment les prisonniers en un sujet collectif, représentant l'Allemagne au-delà de toute individualité. Sont alors célébrées des valeurs françaises : face à une Allemagne coupable et vaincue, une France meurtrie mais victorieuse. Le FFI, figure héroïque de la Résistance Ces récits, quasi toujours en première page, servent de cadre à une épopée de la reconquête dont les premiers rôles sont tenus par la Résistance intérieure. Articles et photographies cherchent à mettre en scène les Français comme doubles inversés des Allemands, tant dans leur conduite militaire que dans leur comportement sous l'occupation. Les FFI sont alors glorifiés pour leurs exploits, mais aussi pour les valeurs qu'ils incarnent. Le contraste entre le soldat allemand, symbole d'une puissance déchue, et les combattants français, civils devenus résistants est systématiquement souligné. En transformant les prisonniers en trophées, les captures contribuent à re-masculiniser ces hommes - seuls acteurs armés de ce drame - dans leur fonction de défenseurs de la patrie. La gestion des captifs leur offre l'occasion d'occuper l'espace public et de passer à l'action : souvent repérables à leur brassard - comme sur la photographie prise devant l'Opéra -, les FFI sont à la tête des colonnes de prisonniers ou encadrent des déserteurs. Par leur appartenance, à la fois civile et militaire, leur positionnement entre espace public et privé, leur temporalité qui allie temps ordinaire du travailleur et temps extraordinaire du guerrier, ils incarnent la transition qu'est la libération de Paris. Ces récits qui valorisent l'idée d'une résistance locale et d'une libération nationale renforcent aussi l'idée d'une France unie dans la libération. " Libéré par son peuple [...], avec l'appui et le concours de la France tout entière " Les journaux n'hésitent pas à élargir le cercle des combattants pour transformer l'insurrection en levée en masse. Ils ancrent alors la participation des Français dans la libération de leur territoire, grossissant la souveraineté retrouvée du pays et son rôle crucial dans la guerre en cours. À côté d'une minorité agissante, août 1944 devient cette expérience collective où toute la nation doit se retrouver tandis que le silence recouvre les Années noires comme si rien ne devait venir contrarier la fonction de consensus dévolue au prisonnier allemand. Captures et redditions incarnent non seulement la défaite du nazisme, mais aussi la revanche sur l'occupation, justifiant le choix de la résistance. Symbole de l'occupation allemande, la ville devient également celui de la libération de la France. Mais pas seulement : la métonymie vaut également célébration du génie français, proposé dorénavant aux captifs allemands comme voie du redressement. Sud-Ouest commente ainsi la scène d'une colonne de prisonniers devant l'Opéra, publiée le 30 septembre : Et voici fixé par la photographie un instant pathétique entre tous, celui où le captif devient geôlier, celui où le Prisonnier terrasse son vainqueur, celui où les rôles s'intervertissent, c'est le Français qui conduit dans les rues de Paris. [...] Méditez tout de même sur ce que vous avez fait souffrir à ce peuple, désarmé, ruiné, pillé par vous et qui a trouvé dans sa foi patriotique la force nécessaire pour vous chasser. Avec cette captivité de masse, chaque Parisien, voire Parisienne, peut ainsi prouver son patriotisme à sa mesure, faisant des Français, tels des soldats de l'an 44, les principaux acteurs de leur délivrance. Paris 1944, une campagne de France à l'envers ? Il y a 80 ans, pour les Parisiens marqués par les défilés militaires de l'occupant, cette mise en scène manichéenne entre Français et Allemands prend une dimension de revanche : la campagne de la Libération apparaît comme une anti-campagne de France de 1940. En jouant sur les expériences collectives de la défaite, de l'occupation et de la collaboration, les représentations diffusées par la presse n'ont pas tant pour but d'effacer 1940 que de proposer un autre modèle de communion nationale, une autre image de la virilité, de l'honneur, du combattant que celle incarnée par l'occupant nazi ; bref, de proposer un nouveau modèle de refondation et de solder le déshonneur de l'occupation.;
            
                Title: Labour smoking ban set to hit drivers with £2,500 fine and 10 points on licence; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.express.co.uk/life-style/cars/1942451/labour-smoking-ban-set-hit-drivers-2500; type: news; Description: Labour's new smoking ban proposals could see motorists inadvertently break drink-driving rules and be hit with hefty punishments. This week, Labour has outlined plans to extend the 2007 smoking restrictions to many outdoor spaces including pub gardens. It means individuals could be hit with a Fixed Penalty Notice of up to £150 for lighting up a cigarette while enjoying their beer. The rule will not be extended to private homes and no further restrictions on smoking in vehicles have so far been discussed. Pubgoers may be tempted to dive into their cars or their friends' vehicles for a quick puff despite the possible risks.;
            
                Title: Business groups say Labour should be cautious over four-day working week plan; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.chelmsfordweeklynews.co.uk/news/national/24552273.business-groups-say-labour-cautious-four-day-working-week-plan/; type: news; Description: Business groups have called for caution over potential Labour plans to open up a "compressed hours" four-day work week to more of the workforce. Ben Willmott, head of public policy for the CIPD, the professional body for human resources, said the Government should "take stock" of recent rule changes around employment, which allow people to request flexible working when they start new jobs, before making more changes. He said: "Flexible working arrangements such as compressed hours, job sharing and term-time working can help people balance their work and home life commitments, while also supporting employer efforts to recruit and retain staff. "However, flexible working has to work for both the business and workers if it's to be sustainable and this needs to be recognised in any changes to regulation. "It would make sense for the Government to take stock of the impact of recent changes introduced only in April to enable people to request flexible working from day one of employment, before seeking to make further changes." Earlier on Friday, the Government denied it will force businesses to allow staff to work a four-day week but said it supports flexible working. Education minister Baroness Jacqui Smith dismissed a report in The Telegraph that Labour's Make Work Pay plans could force businesses to accept employees' demands for a four-day week. It comes after The Telegraph reported "compressed hours" could feature in a new law which could shift the balance of power so companies would be legally obliged to offer flexible working from day one except where it is "not reasonably feasible". Conservative shadow business secretary Kevin Hollinrake claimed businesses are "petrified" about Labour's Make Work Pay plans. But a Department for Business and Trade spokesperson denied claims that the Government would "impose" the working pattern on businesses. The PA news agency understands any plan to open up "compressed hours" to more workers would not result in bank holiday-style weekends each week, and that employees would usually need to work their contracted hours, even if they chose to over fewer days. Paul Nowak, general secretary of the Trades Union Congress, said: "Good employers already recognise the benefits flexible working can bring to their workforces and businesses, whether it's through increasing staff productivity or higher retention. "Offering people flexible working arrangements makes good economic sense. "It helps more people back into work and keeps more people in work, allowing workers to balance their professional and personal lives. "This is about developing patterns of work needed for a modern economy and a modern workforce. The bad faith arguments being advanced by the likes of the Conservatives are simply out of date and do not stack up." Matthew Percival, director of Future of Work at the CBI, said flexible working "depends on the job", and some workforces might not all be able to have flexibility at the same time if it means they cannot meet customer demands. He said: "Businesses supported making asking for flexible working a day one right because good conversations about what can be mutually beneficial shouldn't be unduly delayed. "When the Government sets out how it wants to change this law, businesses will be looking to see that it doesn't become prohibitively difficult or expensive to say 'no' to unreasonable requests.";
            
                Title: The Last of Us and redemption: finding hope, light and God in the apocalyptic darkness; date: 2024-08-30; URL: http://theconversation.com/the-last-of-us-and-redemption-finding-hope-light-and-god-in-the-apocalyptic-darkness-230926; type: news; Description: Dublin City University provides funding as a member of The Conversation UK. With a catastrophic fungal pandemic creating the "infected", a post-apocalypse breakdown of society, and a moral quest amidst humans hunting humans, PlayStation game and HBO TV phenomenon The Last of Us has exhilarated and terrified millions of gamers and viewers. Throughout the series, "Look for the light" is a slogan graffitied on walls, often alongside a firefly image. As a theologian, I interpret this "light" as life, justice and the belief in God. Does this mean I perceive God to be present even in the apocalyptic misery of The Last of Us, in which humans have morphed into grotesque, hellish creatures with names like "clickers" and "bloaters"? In the recently published book The Last of Us and Theology: Violence, Ethics, Redemption?, 14 contributors and I sought to examine ethical and theological issues in the game and TV show. Questions included: Is God present in these worlds? What happens when the love for an individual is chosen over the welfare of greater society? Are human beings intrinsically good or prone to vengeance? What does fatherhood or motherhood mean in an apocalypse? The narrative premise of The Last of Us involves a journey of hope and redemption for its two main protagonists, a smuggler called Joel and a 14-year-old orphan called Ellie who has somehow survived a bite from an "infected" but is alone. Joel has lost his own daughter, who was shot at the outbreak of the pandemic a decade before. His loss has left him broken and divorced from his past. Now he finds himself transporting Ellie out of a quarantine zone in a job for the Fireflies - a revolutionary militia group supposedly working for a cure and a better life for those enduring totalitarian rule. Firefly images on city walls inspire the despairing to look for the light and join their cause. Joel cares little about the Fireflies and avoids any attachment to Ellie, just seeing her as cargo to take to a Firefly hospital. Ellie, meanwhile, hopes she may be a cure for the fungal epidemic to give her life some meaning, while seeking the father she never had. All great works of art reflect the human search for deeper meaning, and usually centre on issues of love, purpose, family, nation or God - even if rendered impossible in the face of cruelty and indifference. This can be filtered through countless ways: the horrors of war, a failed romance, disillusionment. Indeed, the game and show depict a mostly godless, bleak world. Trust and community are broken, violence dominates, with survivors engulfed by fear and distrust. Everything seems corrupted, especially love, which is weaponised to justify immoral acts for survival. Yet despite the misery and violence, dumb jokes, childish joy, and partnering for survival create a bond between the childless Joel and the fatherless Ellie, and both find themselves willing to do anything to keep the other alive. From darkness into light There are reasons why the apocalyptic mirrors our reality, when world events appear grim, and loss and suffering can be overwhelming. It is easy to believe there is no light, nor any prospect of it. The Fireflies say "Look for the light", but in The Last of Us, the apparent light may actually be darkness, as those claiming to be good turn out to be threats, while love becomes stained with revenge and lies. Too often, characters kill for those they love. They kill in their search for the light, or to repel some greater darkness. Even the Fireflies, who promise to be that light, are far from saviours. Can there be hope in this fractured post-apocalypse world where everyone seems tainted by despair or moral compromise? Stubbornly (or miraculously), humans can often envision something greater than "just" survival, testifying to a love that persists despite lies, betrayals and misguided choices. In the first game, those playing as Joel learn about another survivor named Ish who tried to rebuild a community with survivors and their children by living underground, seemingly protected. Unfortunately, we never learn Ish's fate after his community is overrun and its children slaughtered. The light has been snuffed out. In the second game, characters including Lev and Dina have a religious and spiritual identity that points them beyond hatred and revenge. But neither character is given any clear resolution. Without a third game depicting redemption, how can a theologian like myself still believe some remnant of God smoulders somewhere among these damaged beings and the remorseless chaos? According to some characters in The Last of US, it is humanity itself that destroys any light and goodness through fear, greed, suspicion and distrust. While I am a Catholic theologian and doubt proliferates about whether a God of universal love is deeply present in our world, I remain steadfast about humanity's goodness, the sacredness of creation, and the grace and light that exist - no matter how faint - within us all. For me, The Last of Us is about the challenge of persevering in seeing the light within ourselves and in those around us. Or better, to become a light for others and help them to become that light, too. I believe the presence of God may be glimpsed and embodied even in a seemingly hopeless and godless world. This is not, as in the game, through firebombing bloaters or knifing clickers, but through ordinary acts of courageous kindness, humility and love. It is confronting the darkness and knowing that if hope and love remain, this will be neither the last of us, nor the last of any meaningful search for God. Looking for something good? Cut through the noise with a carefully curated selection of the latest releases, live events and exhibitions, straight to your inbox every fortnight, on Fridays. Sign up here.;
            
                Title: Ambitious regenerative farming plans announced for National Trust estate; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.southwestfarmer.co.uk/news/24552617.national-trust-plans-revealed-great-chalfield-manor/; type: news; Description: Ambitious new plans for a National Trust estate in Wiltshire have been revealed. The National Trust and Wiltshire Wildlife Trust have come together for the first time in a new partnership to transform farmland at Great Chalfield Manor in Wiltshire into a thriving hub for regenerative farming. The Great Chalfield Manor estate has been in the care of the National Trust since 1943 when it was gifted to the charity, and around 20,000 people visit the medieval manor and garden each year. But the National Trust has now acquired a further 82 acres of land surrounding the estate and says its collaboration with Wiltshire Wildlife Trust will mark a new chapter for the historic estate. Working alongside the Great Western Community Forest, the trusts will plant 11,000 trees on the site to build woodland blocks, agroforestry and wood pasture for climate resilience. The site will also become a learning hub where farmers and landholders can learn how to develop a range of nature-based solutions. The manor and garden will continue to be open to National Trust visitors. Around 20,000 people visit the medieval manor and gardens each year (Image: Wiltshire Wildlife Trust) "We are excited to be working with Wiltshire Wildlife Trust and the Great Western Community Forest to find a new future for Great Chalfield," said Ian Wilson, National Trust director of operations in Wiltshire. "By working in partnership with Wiltshire Wildlife Trust, we will be able to create more space for nature, address the climate crisis and demonstrate how through a partnership such as this we can deliver for people and for nature. "Great Chalfield will become a place where nature can continue to thrive, where tree planting will help address the challenges of climate change and where people will be able to come to see first-hand how our land can be managed for nature and food production." The land will help farmers work towards green solutions (Image: Wiltshire Wildlife Trust) This new partnership is particularly meaningful as the farm and estate are currently cared for by Robert Floyd, whose father, Charles, was one of the Wiltshire Wildlife Trust's founders. Robert and his wife Patsy are preparing to retire from farming, which is why the National Trust has acquired the farmland to extend the estate. "My late father used to say 'it all starts with the plants', so this is a wonderful opportunity now to create positive interaction between nature and our farming communities," said Robert. Work to plant trees on the site will begin immediately, and will be followed by soil testing to assess the land.;
            
                Title: Carlisle United striker Kelly ruled out for 12 weeks with injury; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.newsandstar.co.uk/sport/24553057.carlisle-uniteds-injured-georgie-kelly-12-weeks/; type: news; Description: Georgie Kelly has been sidelined for 12 weeks in the latest injury hammer blow to the Carlisle United striker. A calf injury will put the frontman out for three months, manager Paul Simpson confirmed today. Kelly limped off after coming on as substitute in last Saturday's 3-0 defeat to MK Dons, and a scan has revealed the extent of the damage. "We thought at the time it was a bad one, and he got scanned on Monday - it's come back as what's classed as a 3C tear in his gastroc[nemius] part of his calf," Blues boss Paul Simpson told the News & Star. "He's got to have a course of injections, but we're looking at a 12-week process which is horrendous news first and foremost for him, because his whole Carlisle United career has been so stop-start and we want him back available as soon as we can." Kelly has been plagued by injuries since he joined the Cumbrians from Rotherham United on February 1's deadline day. Simpson said the former Bohemians man was devastated when the latest problem happened at Stadium MK. "He's struggled with it," United's manager said. "When he came off the pitch at MK, he nearly put his fist through the RECARO seats in the dugout. Kelly suffered the injury soon after coming on as a substitute at MK Dons (Image: Richard Parkes) "It's the first time I've seen him like that. He's quite a calm fella, he's a really intelligent, calm, meticulous bloke, but he lost it then and he was visibly upset by it because it's not pleasant for anybody. "He feels as though he's letting everybody down, but there's just nothing you can do. "Injuries are part and parcel of football. I saw on Tuesday night, the guy from Brighton who they've just paid £25 million for [Matt O'Reilly] and ten minutes into the game he gets smashed and he's having surgery, so it's such bad luck. "It's bad luck for Georgie and especially on the back of the other things that he's had as well. "He just doesn't feel as if he's got started and showing what he's really capable of - and what he's capable of is what we brought him in for." Kelly's injuries have limited him to just ten Carlisle appearances since his winter arrival, leading some fans to ask whether United could have done more before signing the 27-year-old to flag up the potential for such a recurring run of problems. Simpson said: "We looked into it all - we had a full medical examination and when he signed he'd been out for about six days with a slight calf strain, but according to what we were told and how Georgie was feeling on the bed-based clinical assessment, there was no issue. "We did all the calf raise testing and it was all positive and he wanted to train on the Friday, but we said because he'd done two days of testing we should wait till the Saturday...and literally as he started to jog he felt something go and it was a differen area [of the calf], so I don't really know what more we could do. "We are obviously being even more meticulous in terms of medicals that we're doing now. We're doing as much as we possibly can. "We had a medical ten days ago of a player who we had to send back because we felt as if it was too much of a risk, but these things happen and there's not a lot you can do. "We can only go off what we can physically test and I do think we are meticulous, but unfortunately we've been stung with what's gone on for Georgie and I've got to say he's stung by it as well. "It's not just us, he's obviously really disappointed with how that's gone." In better news, Simpson can welcome back Terell Thomas, Cameron Harper and Dylan McGeouch to his squad to face Tranmere Rovers on Saturday. Cameron Harper, pictured, is set to return to the squad after injury along with Dylan McGeouch and Terell Thomas (Image: Ben Holmes) Thomas has had a short absence with a hamstring issue while Harper and McGeouch have been out with groin injuries since the latter days of pre-season. "They're all fine, they've all trained in the second half of the week, so there's no issues there," Simpson said. "It's probably too early for Cameron and Dylan to go straight into it, but they're certainly back into the squad for the weekend which is pleasing to see. "They're all important parts of the group. We've had some of the young lads who have been in the group as well because we've not been able to put an 18 out, so it's good to get senior players back. "It's been good experience for the young boys, but if we want to achieve anything we need to have a really strong group available.";
            
                Title: Healthy soils are good for your gut, brain and wellbeing - here's why; date: 2024-08-30; URL: http://theconversation.com/healthy-soils-are-good-for-your-gut-brain-and-wellbeing-heres-why-237681; type: news; Description: Often overlooked, soil is one of our planet's largest living ecosystems and the foundation of our lives. It provides 95% of our food, supports global biodiversity and helps balance the climate by storing atmospheric carbon. Soil is also a huge source of raw materials, from iron ore and bauxite (the rock used to make aluminium) to natural gas which is used to power our society. A new report from Save Soil - a campaign from the global people's movement Conscious Planet - outlines the surprising ways that healthy soil is directly connected to our mental and physical health. Literally touching soil, including walking barefoot on it or getting your hands dirty, can improve your gut health. We carry many of the same bacteria as soil does in our intestines and on our skin. So the human body is covered inside and out with microbes that are found in soil. Studies have shown that the amount of physical contact with the soil affects the diversity, and therefore health, of your gut microbiome. The highest gut bacteria diversity ever recorded was found in a secluded population of hunter-gatherers in the Amazon rainforest who are in almost constant barefoot contact with rich soil. Our gut health is supported through a balanced, nutritious diet - this is where soil health perhaps most directly impacts our wellbeing on a daily basis. To function well, our bodies need vitamins and nutrients which we ingest through eating plants and animals. Plants and animals that grow and feed on healthy, living soils rich in organic matter result in more nutritious food produce for humans. Degraded soils, nutritional deficiencies Many nutritional deficiencies in our foods result from growing crops on degraded soils. Even the nutrients in the most everyday ingredients are at risk. One study found that protein content in wheat decreased by 23% between 1955 and 2016. As Save Soil's new report outlines, the degradation of our soils means weaker and more dysfunctional human health. What exactly is soil degradation? The UN defines it as "the physical, chemical and biological decline in soil quality" which "can be the loss of organic matter". That's often caused by unsustainable agricultural practices such as too much ploughing. Organic matter in this case is the "living" part of soil - the parts rich with plant or animal waste being decomposed by microbes and broken down into nutrients that can be recycled by other organisms. Save Soil argues that at least 3-6% organic matter (based on regional conditions) is needed in agricultural soil to make sure it is providing nutritious produce. The unfortunate reality is that most of the world is far from this minimum. Currently, up to 40% of the world's land has degraded. The UN's Food and Agricultural Organization warns that 90% of the planet's topsoil could be at risk by 2050. Nutritional deficiencies caused by this widespread degradation have an impact on our mental health. Deficiencies in key micronutrients such as vitamins B1, B6 and B9 -- often caused by poor soil health -- are linked to mental health disorders such as depression. Similarly, iron and zinc deficiencies lead to poor brain function. Conversely, healthier gut microbiomes have been linked to greater production of "happy hormones" such as serotonin and dopamine. The good news is that increasing soil organic matter is achievable if farmers are supported to transition from intensive methods and monoculture crops to more regenerative agricultural practices, such as cover cropping (planting non-harvest crops to enrich soil health) and crop rotation. The next UN climate summit in November is a chance for governments to introduce policy changes that offer financial incentives to help farmers in this transition. Right now though, get your hands dirty whenever you can, walk barefoot through the park and buy food and drink produced by regenerative farmers to support sustainable agriculture. If it's good for the earth beneath our feet, it'll be good for your body and mind too.;
            
                Title: Detectives scour town centre for evidence after man stabbed to death; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.theargus.co.uk/news/24552712.hailsham-murder-inquiry-detectives-scour-town-centre/; type: news; Description: Detectives have been searching for evidence in a town centre after a man was stabbed to death. Police are working to gather evidence after the body of a man in his 20s was found in a busy high street on Thursday night. Pictures show the specialist officers, wearing white overalls, making a record of items left on the ground inside the cordon at the Vicarage Field shopping precinct in Hailsham. Detectives in Hailsham this morning (Image: Sussex News and Pictures) Detectives looking between weeds in Hailsham (Image: Sussex News and Pictures) A 17-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder after an extensive manhunt in the town following the stabbing, which happened at around 6.20pm. He remains in police custody. Chief Inspector James Scott said: "This is a tragic incident which I know will be distressing for the community. "Our thoughts are with the family of this young man as we seek to understand exactly what happened." A police officer stands guard outside the churchyard (Image: Sussex News and Pictures) Read more: Huge tailbacks on A27 as fire forces traffic away from main road Several locations across the town, near Eastbourne, were sealed off by police including a churchyard and the high street. Officers told the public to stay away from the town centre while the manhunt was under way. The teenage suspect was later found inside a nearby property, police said. Green hoardings were installed to block the view of the scene (Image: Sussex News and Pictures) Chief Inspector Scott added: "The significant police presence will remain in the area, as part of the investigation and to offer reassurance. "If you have any concerns, please do speak to an officer. We are asking anyone who witnessed the incident or has information that could help to contact police online or via 101, quoting Operation Par.";
            
                Title: ExxonMobil's Guyana Oil: A Trillion-Dollar Opportunity? | OilPrice.com; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/ExxonMobils-Guyana-Oil-A-Trillion-Dollar-Opportunity.html; type: news; Description: There are two main drivers for ExxonMobil, (XOM), in the face of crude's relatively tight pricing band-low $70's to low $80's, for the most the past year. The first is the Guyana, Stabroek production ramp, and the related kerfuffle with Chevron, (CVX) over the nature of their proposed acquisition of Hess, (NYSE: HES). The second is the ongoing digestion of Pioneer assets and acceleration of Permian output toward 1.2 mm BOEPD. XOM is a huge company with a lot of irons in the fire-LNG, chemicals, carbon capture, refining, biofuels, and heck, they're even dabbling in lithium. None of these really matter to the stock in the near term. XOM moves with higher or lower oil and gas prices and is likely to perform in lockstep with these commodities well into the future. Darren Woods, CEO let loose with a pithy comment in the Q-2 call that reveals the firm priorities of this company, regardless of what other "ponds" into which, they dip their oars- "Later this month, we'll publish our global outlook, which projects global energy demand 15% higher in 2050 than it is today. We see oil demand holding steady at around 100 million barrels per day in 2050, while demand for renewables and natural gas grows considerably." Let's give Mr. Woods his due. As the CEO of a company producing ~4.3 mm BOPD of crude oil, it is fair and reasonable for us to assign a solid probability of his being right. In this article we will cover a tight focus on what we believe to be the key needle-movers for the company. Guyana As was noted in the early August, Bloomberg piece by Kevin Crowley the 2015 Liza discovery well almost didn't happen. Guyana's waters were a minefield of 40+ dry holes accumulated over the years and XOM management wasn't convinced that this prospect met their capital allocation criteria. Even more critical was the fact that XOM's concession was about to expire, if they were going to do it, it had to be then. Read Crowley's piece for more of the back story, but the success of Liza changed the company and the country. Quoting Crowley from the article- "Today, Liza is the world's biggest oil discovery in a generation. Exxon controls a block that holds 11 billion barrels of recoverable oil, worth nearly $1 trillion at current prices. The find has transformed Guyana from one of South America's poorest countries into one that will pump more crude per person than Saudi Arabia or Kuwait by 2027. Guyana is on track to overtake Venezuela as South America's second-largest oil producer, after Brazil." Now with more than 30 discovery wells, 6-sanctioned projects, current daily production of ~650K BOPD rising to 750K in 2025 with the commissioning of Yellowtail, 1mm+ BOPD in 2027 with the commissioning of Whiptail, and up to 1.5 mm BOPD with the startup of the 7th project- Hammerhead, the company is growing Guyana production at a rate of about 20% annually. The "Guyana Effect" shows up in total return comparisons with key competitors and the overall S&P 500 index, as noted in the Crowley article. Guyana appears to have a long ramp for future development in Stabroek, as reporting indicates that another two fields, Fangtooth-now under delineation drilling, and the Haimara discovery-new appraisal wells planned for later this year, could take reserves well beyond the 11 bn BOIP now booked. If the company can continue the pace of announcing a new project for Guyana every eighteen months or so, it's not hard to imagine daily production hitting the 2.0 mm BOPD level in the XOM graph below in the early 2030's. As a final point on Guyana, low cost of supply is everything in long-term oil production. With supply costs of less than $35 per barrel, Stabroek fits nicely in the low-cost category assuring profitable production at any likely Brent prices. The XOM, CVX, Hess kerfuffle Chevron-CVX has lagged Exxon in reserves replacement over the last few years, as this OilNow article points out. Although down from 2018's peak of ~24 bn bbls, XOM is comfortably ahead of Chevron with 16.9 bn bbls compared with 11.1 bn for CVX. Chevron's motivation for its takeout offer for Hess, (HES) is pretty clear. With HES' 30% stake in Stabroek, CVX saw an easy way to tack on several bn barrels on reserves with its $53 bn offer for HES. Shareholders for both companies approved the deal, but roadblocks began to crop up. In late December of 2023, the FTC filed a request for more information on the deal but delayed any action pending the outcome of ExxonMobil's objection to the merger. With the three-judge panel only recently confirmed recent reporting has a timeline well into 2025 for any resolution. The core of the dispute lies in the interpretation of the Joint Operating Agreement-JOA, which contains a section on the Right of First Refusal-ROFR that governs the disposition of assets run by the consortium. XOM feels that the HES share should be offered to it under the ROFR language in the JOA. Chevron disagrees, and took pains in setting up the deal to provide for HES' survival as an entity, effectively eliminating the "change of control" provisions of the JOA. Analysts feel the outcome will come down to the arbitration panel's interpretation of the "intent" of the CVX/HES agreement as regards the asset. M&A expert, James English at law firm Clark Hill Law was quoted as saying- "The crux here is whether a change of control even occurred. The three-person arbitration panel that will make the call must decide in part whether to focus on the language in the contract or to delve into Chevron's intent. "A plain language approach would be very favorable to Chevron, while if you go with the intent, Exxon may have a case," English said." There is no downside for XOM in this process, in my view. The valuation of the stake held by HES is a closely guarded secret, but we can make some assumptions and arrive at an estimate. A trillion dollar valuation has been put on the 11 billion worth of reserves already booked, implying a Brent price of $90-not out of line, but aspirational from current levels. That would put HES' 30% share at ~$335 bn or so, 6X+ above the $53 bn takeout price. Depending on which estimate you use for the percentage ascribed to HES' 30% as part of the CVX bid -60-80% according to experts cited in the Reuters article, it's not hard to imagine a significant payday for XOM. ExxonMobil is in the catbird's seat in this scenario. They could make a counter offer for the HES stake, bid for a fraction of it, or take compensation from Chevron, if they prevail in arbitration. If it gets too pricey CVX would just walk away, accepting a $1.72 bn break-up fee from HES. There's no way to handicap the outcome of this dispute. As I noted there is no downside for XOM. A lot will come down to how the single word-intent, is interpreted. The Permian As the first full quarter of Pioneer assets operating under XOM's umbrella approaches as Q-3 wraps we will get a peek at how efficiently this merger is being implemented. The company has put a big number on the bulletin board-$2 bn, in cost savings that will accrue from the merger annually. In a Bloomberg article, CEO Darren Woods noted that these savings will come from improved technology and extraction-fracking and cube development techniques, as well as the logistics advantages the merger provided in terms of lateral lengths and materials sourcing. XOM projects costs of supply at $35 per barrel from the Permian. For full year 2024, XOM projects daily Permian production of 1.2 mm BOEPD across their 1.4 mm acre position in the basin. The company has a target of increasing Permian production to 2.0 mm BOEPD by 2027, implying a growth rate of 20% a year. Your takeaway XOM is trading at some fairly rich multiples at current prices. The EV/EBITDA is 7.65X, and the flowing barrel stat is $116K per barrel. Analysts rate the stock as Overweight with price targets ranging from $110-157.00 per share. The median is $130.00. For those looking for well-covered shareholder returns, XOM is generating free cash of about $26.5 bn annually on a TTM basis. The company distributed $8.1 bn in dividends and repurchased $16.3 bn in stock for a modest free cash yield of ~5%. The company beat EPS estimates by ~5% in Q-2, and estimates have been raised for Q-3 to $2.14 per share. If they come in with a beat we could certainly see a move higher toward the midpoint of estimates. The inverse is also true. XOM should be a part of every long-term energy investor's portfolio for growth and income. Currently, it is trading near the top of its one-year range-$97-$123.00. Recent weakness in oil and gas prices would certainly argue for a judicious entry point that might come when Q-3 earnings are released in November.;
            
                Title: Italian prosecutors widen probe into sinking of superyacht; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.chelmsfordweeklynews.co.uk/news/national/24552824.italian-prosecutors-widen-probe-sinking-superyacht/; type: news; Description: The move widens the probe into the shipwreck, for which the ship's captain, New Zealander James Cutfield, is already under investigation for possible manslaughter and culpable shipwreck charges. Since Wednesday, Tim Parker Eaton, the engineer who was in charge of securing the yacht's engine room, and sailor Matthew Griffith, who was on watch duty on the night of the disaster, are under investigation for the same possible charges, their lawyer said. "The profile of their possible responsibilities is still unclear, as the investigation has just started," lawyer Mario Scopesi told The Associated Press. He added that both Parker Eaton and Griffith left Italy on Wednesday, along with Cutfield and the rest of the crew. The three crew members were among 15 survivors of the August 19 sinking that killed British tech magnate Mike Lynch, his daughter Hannah and five others. Chief prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio, who is heading the investigation, has said his team will consider each possible element of responsibility including those of the captain, the crew, individuals in charge of supervision and the yacht's manufacturer. The Bayesian, a 56-metre British-flagged luxury yacht, went down near Sicily, in the Mediterranean. Investigators are focusing on how a sailing vessel deemed "unsinkable" by its manufacturer, Italian shipyard Perini Navi, sank while a nearby sailboat remained largely unscathed. Prosecutors said the event was "extremely rapid" and could have been a "downburst" - a localized, powerful wind that descends from a thunderstorm and spreads out rapidly on hitting the ground. All crew members survived except for the chef, but six passengers were trapped in the yacht's hull and died.;
            
                Title: Four breakthroughs that are changing our understanding of dreams; date: 2024-08-30; URL: http://theconversation.com/four-breakthroughs-that-are-changing-our-understanding-of-dreams-236286; type: news; Description: Nottingham Trent University provides funding as a member of The Conversation UK. People have pondered whether dreams have a purpose throughout human history. Modern scientists are fascinated with this question too. For a long time the science of dreams has oscillated between fringe research and the mainstream. But creative study designs and new technology are transforming it into an exciting and serious research niche. Here are four recent breakthroughs that may pave the way for a greater understanding of dreaming. Lucid dreams In 2021 an international study showed that two-way communication between a lucid dreamer and a researcher in the lab was possible. In 2024, another study built on this by training lucid dreamers to control a virtual car from within their dreams. The 12 dreamers in the experiment made slight muscle twitches, which sent a signal to a computer to make the virtual vehicle move forwards or turn. Signals were sent back to the dreamer to inform them of obstacles to try and avoid. Some could move the car well, but others, no matter how hard they tried, could not. While fascinating, it is still unknown how such technology could be used in everyday life. And the small sample of this study, in part owing to the rarity of skilled lucid dreamers, limit the conclusions we can take from it. But the findings suggest that it may be possible (at least with practice) for some people to make decisions from inside a dream and communicate them to the outside world. Why do we dream? Sleep and dreams researcher Mark Blagrove from Swansea University thinks dreams were meant to be shared socially and evolved in humans to enhance emotional intelligence and empathy. Since 2016, Blagrove has collaborated with artist Julia Lockheart in a dream discussion and illustration group. An audience member is invited to share a recent dream. Blagrove leads the discussion, while Lockheart sketches an interpretation of the dream onto the pages of Sigmund Freud's book The Interpretation of Dreams. His 2019 research paper showed that discussing a dream in this way can lead to increased empathy between dream sharer and listeners. Blagrove argues this could have been valuable to ancestral survival in forming significant connections with others. Other theories about why we dream have begun to emerge in recent years too, and some were discussed at a panel in June 2024 at the International Association for the Study of Dreams (IASD) annual conference. For example, the embodied cognition theory of dreaming, which proposes that dreams prepare us for the cognitive actions of ordinary waking life. It hasn't been tested yet but shows a growing scientific interest in the adaptive purpose of dreams. Insights from long dream series Michael Schredl of the University of Mannheim in Germany is arguably the most prolific dream researcher today, having published hundreds of articles and books since his career began in the 1990s. He has been keeping a dream journal since the early 1980s. At the IASD conference, he gave a keynote talk analysing over 12,000 of his dreams. Overall, the patterns seemed to support the continuity hypothesis of dreaming - that our dreams are influenced by events and concerns that are happening in our waking lives. Schredl believes he is one of the first people to look at weather patterns in dreams. He noticed a steady decline over the years of ice, snow and hail in his dreams. Interestingly, this was similar to the documented declining number of "ice days" (days when the temperature was below 0°C for 24 hours) in Germany since he has been keeping a dream journal. He joked that perhaps the global warming effects are showing up in dreams too, but this could also be influenced by waking concerns about such things. Another interesting pattern was references to money in dreams. When the Deutsche Mark was the prevailing currency, it occasionally showed up in his dreams over the years, but when the German currency changed to the Euro in 2002, the number of Deutsche Mark references were replaced by references to the Euro. Long dream series such as this are rare, but they can show how us how intertwined dream content is with our waking lives. Dream recall Some people are better at remembering their dreams than others, recalling dreams more frequently and in more detail. For a long time, researchers have tried to determine the reasons and mechanisms for this difference. They've looked into factors including personality and attitude towards dreams, general memory ability, and the small physiological signals that happen during certain sleep stages. So far, one of the most consistent predictors of more frequent dream recall has been a positive attitude towards dreaming; if you think dreams are important, you're probably more motivated to try and remember them more often. In 2022 French researcher Salomé Blain and their colleagues investigated the role of attention in dream recall, a cognitive skill which is closely connected to memory. While their participants' ability to recall dreams did not seem linked to working memory - which temporarily holds information for immediate use - participants with low dream recall were better at ignoring distracting stimuli, and vice versa. They compared low and high dream recallers in their ability to distinguish whether two melodies (which were both played in the same ear) were different, while a distracting melody was played in the opposite ear. This suggests that people who are good at remembering dreams may be worse at filtering out irrelevant and distracting information, hence they may notice more of what's happening in their mind while sleeping. However, dream recall is a learnable skill. For example, keeping a dream journal can significantly improve dream recall, especially for people who already have quite low dream recollection.;
            
                Title: Our shopping expert is buying items from Refy, Color Wow, Mint Velvet and more; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://metro.co.uk/2024/08/30/this-a-shopping-expert-buying-this-holiday-sales-weekend-21511635/; type: news; Description: SHOPPING - Contains affiliated content. Products featured in this Metro article are selected by our shopping writers. If you make a purchase using links on this page, Metro.co.uk will earn an affiliate commission. Click here for more information. As we write this, we can hardly believe that tomorrow is SEPTEMBER. Seriously, where has the year gone? But fear not, because our shopping expert has pulled out all the stops for your latest Trend Trove instalment, to take your mind off the year disappearing - and it's another, absolute gem. Even though we say that every week, and the weather is still surprisingly balmy for this time of year, Sarah is pretty excited about 'snuggly season'. In fact, Dunelm has just dropped a huge range of 'Summerween' items that she's adding to her basket (and home) faster than you can rewatch 'Practical Magic'. Yes, once again, she's scoured the internet high and low for the coolest items and chicest bits that you'll want to own or gift to a friend or family member. Take this pair of Nike suede low-top trainers - how chic?! We couldn't be more in our sneaker era if we tried... Another fabulous find is from Phlur, with their latest fragrance, Soft Spot. Get ready to immerse yourself in the unique blend of amber, sandalwood, and musk, creating an irresistible aura. This intimate floral perfume enhances natural charm, leaving a lasting impression of warmth and allure. And if you know Sarah at all, you'll know there's never been a Phlur fragrance she didn't love. Even though the weather is still in the early 20s, we couldn't be more ready for 'snuggly season' or adding layers back into our daily outfits. With grey set to be a big hue for wardrobes, Sarah's in love with the Essential Suiting Oversized Blazer from Good American. As for 'it' accessories, after a recent trip to Paris and getting lost in Galeries Lafayette, she stumbled across Balzac Paris - and the most gorgeous leopard print scarf. As always, these are just a few items she's desperately adding to her online basket - so take this as your sign to do the exact same. Once again, our virtual baskets are full, and our bank balance is low... MORE : Snap up over £230 of summer beauty must-haves for £50 with this unmissable Boots edit MORE : Grab your shopping list! Benefit cosmetics host Selfridges pop-up with limited-edition sets and deluxe prizes;
            
                Title: 'Dancing With the Stars' pro Artem Chigvintsev arrested on domestic...; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-13797173/Dancing-With-Stars-pro-Artem-Chigvintsev-arrested-domestic-violence-charge-California.html; type: news; Description: YOUNTVILLE, Calif. (AP) - "Dancing With the Stars" pro Artem Chigvintsev was arrested Thursday and booked on a domestic violence charge in northern California, according to the local sheriff´s office. When Napa County Sheriff´s deputies responded to a domestic violence call in Yountville, it was apparent that there was potential abuse and Chigvintsev was arrested, according to sheriff´s office spokesperson Henry Wofford. Chigvintsev cooperated with deputies and was charged with felony domestic violence, an offense that they don´t charge people with unless there is a very credible witness or apparent markings that suggest abuse, he said. The investigation is ongoing. Wofford could not release any information about the alleged victim or their relationship to Chigvintsev, he said. Chigvintsev was released on $25,000 bail on Thursday afternoon, Wofford said. Representatives for Chigvintsev did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment on his behalf and it was not immediately clear whether he had an attorney.;
            
                Title: Ange Postecoglou hails 'positive window' as Tottenham rule out further signings; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.chelmsfordweeklynews.co.uk/sport/national/24552874.ange-postecoglou-hails-positive-window-tottenham-rule-signings/; type: news; Description: Ange Postecoglou has declared himself happy with his current Tottenham squad and believes it has been a positive transfer window for the club. Spurs are set for a quiet deadline day with outgoings the priority after a summer where Archie Gray, Lucas Bergvall, Wilson Odobert and Dominic Solanke have arrived. Tottenham are ready to sanction moves for out-of-favour duo Sergio Reguilon and Giovani Lo Celso, but Postecoglou has all but ruled out any more signings before 11pm. "Unless something surprising jumps out at us in the last 11 hours or whatever it is, that's it for us," the Spurs boss confirmed ahead of Sunday's trip to Newcastle. "If nothing else happens, there's a couple probably moving out, I think it's been another positive window. "You want to go into every window and come out the other side of it in a stronger sense and I certainly feel that. "The players we've brought in are already making a short-term impact and even in the longer term, I think they're going to be really good contributors for us. "I certainly think we've got a more well-rounded squad to deal with Europe, the extra games and whatever injuries we have. So yeah, I think it's been a real positive window. "I'm very happy. We've done a hell of a lot of work in 12 months, three windows. No doubts the squad's changed. "The demographic of the squad has changed, the suitability to the football I want to play, we're much better equipped for that. There's growth in the team, absolutely. "We needed to do some fairly major work 12 months ago and since then we've gone a long way to getting the team to where we want to. "There's still more work to be done. It was never going to happen quickly. I don't think it should happen quickly. When it does happen quickly, you're more fraught to getting it wrong. So I think we're in a good place." With Reguilon and Lo Celso into the final 12 months of their contracts at Tottenham, Postecoglou made clear his desire for them to move on. Real Betis are reportedly interested in bringing Lo Celso back to the club, but Reguilon's future could be decided after Friday's 11pm deadline with other transfer windows shutting later in September. "It's fair to say both players are exploring options," Postecoglou said. "There's other windows open as well, so we'll see what activity there is, but they're both exploring options. "They've got decisions about their own careers and what they want to do. "If they're still here, they're still here. We'll work around that scenario, but it certainly won't affect the way we work in the first team." Spurs will be without both Dominic Solanke (ankle) and Richarlison (muscle) for the trip to Newcastle. Rodrigo Bentancur is available after he passed concussion protocols, but Postecoglou expressed his frustration for Richarlison, who missed the whole of pre-season following a calf injury. "Richy pulled up sore. I think there's a muscle injury there, we're just getting more information, but he'll be out as well," Postecoglou said. "It's frustrating probably for him as much as anyone else but frustrating for us, too." Alfie Devine is expected to leave Spurs on loan and Under-21 goalkeeper Josh Keeley is set to join Leyton Orient on loan, the PA news agency understands.;
            
                Title: One wine or beer per day might actually be GOOD for you, top expert; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-13796591/scientist-gives-verdict-alcohol-bad-good-health.html; type: news; Description: The links between moderate alcohol consumption and an early death are 'exaggerated', according to a world-renowned data scientist. Statistically, the risk of drinking one beer or wine per day on your life expectancy is no higher than driving a car or eating bacon, said Professor Sir David Spiegelhalter, a statistician Cambridge University. Many health organizations have been leaning towards a drier public health policy -the World Health Organization has said that there is no safe level of booze. But Sir Spiegelhalter told the BBC: 'Frankly I get irritated when the harms of low levels are exaggerated, particularly with claims such as "no level of alcohol is safe". 'For a start I don't think the evidence supports that, but also there's no safe level of driving, there's no safe level of living, but no one recommends abstention.' He said research indicated there were actually health benefits to drinking in small amounts. Researchers from WHO warned that alcohol use is among the leading risk factors for premature mortality and disability, with younger people disproportionately affected In the past decade, the tide has been turning against alcohol. A major Oxford University study released in June 2023 linked regular alcohol use to more than 60 diseases - including cancer, diabetes, gout and cataracts. In the same year, Canadian health officials released new alcohol guidelines for the country based on their review of the research and came up with a limit of just two drinks per week. Read More New York woman, 104, reveals her secrets to a long life Dr Tim Stockwell, a scientist at the Canadian Institute for Substance Use Research who was on the panel that set the new guidelines, told the BBC: 'Increasingly the evidence is tilting towards there being no benefits and that alcohol is essentially a risky substance.' And US officials last year told DailyMail.com they were considering shifting alcohol guidelines to no more than two beers a week in 2025. It's true that drinking in high amounts daily is bad for health, Sir Spiegelhalter said. But the average person is more likely a moderate drinker- having one or two beverages a day - and at that level of drinking, Sir Spiegelhalter said research shows the effects on health are very slim. 'Whatever the risks are [of having one or two drinks a day] we know they are very low indeed. And we also know they are incredibly difficult to estimate.' He called the Canadian guidelines, 'completely unnecessary. I kind of think this is tackling a non problem'. Further, telling people who are already drinking minimally that they need to drink less might make them distrustful of public health officials in general. Plus, he said, the argument to abstain for health often ignores a crucial factor of alcohol - it brings people joy. Statistician Sir David Spiegelhalter said that guidances that clamp down on moderate drinking are often exaggerated Sir Spiegelhalter said there is even a 'benefit from drinking at low to moderate levels, and that is never mentioned in these discussions.' These benefits are mainly social. People use alcohol to ease anxiety when they're socializing, or as an excuse to get together with friends they haven't seen in a while. Other times, people merely like the taste, and enjoy savoring a glass of wine alongside a steak dinner, perhaps. 'I think we should just accept that people drink for a reason - they actually enjoy it,' Sir Spiegelhalter said. That's not to say he's in favor of no guidelines at all. He said the current guidelines in place in the United Kingdom by their National Health Service are ideal. These include drinking no more than 14 units of alcohol per week - which would be like 14 shots of liquor, or six medium glasses of wine or pints of beer. This is similar to current recommendations set in the US - which say men should have two drinks or less per day and women should have one drink or less per day. There is still a risk at that level of consumption, Sir Spiegelhalter said, but it's roughly the same level of risk associated with watching an hour of TV a day or two bacon sandwiches a week. People still opt to do these things that pose risk to their health - like consuming high fat, high salt foods like bacon. Dr Spiegelhalter said: 'These seem to be imminent acceptable voluntary risks that people take in their lives. People are grown ups. They can make their own decisions on this.';
            
                Title: Pride event director hopeful to match last year's sell-out success; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.bicesteradvertiser.net/news/24552960.bicester-pride-director-hopeful-match-last-years-success/; type: news; Description: The director and founder of an Oxfordshire Pride event is hoping to match last year's sell-out event. Bicester Pride is back next weekend for its fourth year, taking place from 2pm until 10pm on Saturday, September 7 at Garth Park. Founder and director of Bicester Pride, Christina Riley, said the event has grown since it first started. "We've grown bigger and bigger," she said. READ MORE: Investigation launched into water contamination in Carterton "Last year we had over 1000 people attend and sold out, and this year we're hoping to equal that. For the first two years the event was held in the Nightingale pub in Langford Village, and with the support of Bicester Town Council it has been held in Garth park for the last two years. The event is a day festival celebrating LGBTQIA+ identities and will have a pride market and family entertainment throughout the day, followed by an afterparty at the Lamb Inn on Sheep Street. READ MORE: Meet Bicester artist and Oasis fan who met Noel Gallagher There will also be a Freddie Mercury Queen tribute, a Lady GaGa tribute, a drag artist, DJ Elite Entertainment and more for visitors to enjoy. Ms Riley added: "It's a fantastic line-up." "Traditionally, Bicester has not had anything in terms of LGBT inclusion until four years ago. "Slowly, the town is becoming more LGBT inclusive and friendly, and I think that's a good reflection for Bicester." It is a not-for-profit community interest company with all raised funds going back into running Pride. Bicester Village, Brita and Oxfordshire Community and Voluntary Action are sponsoring the event this year.;
            
                Title: Five notorious cyberattacks that targeted governments; date: 2024-08-30; URL: http://theconversation.com/five-notorious-cyberattacks-that-targeted-governments-230690; type: news; Description: University of South Wales provides funding as a member of The Conversation UK. Warfare is no longer confined to physical battlefields. In the digital age, a new front has emerged - cyberspace. Here, countries clash not with bullets and bombs, but with lines of code and sophisticated malware. One of the most recent examples came to light in May this year, when an estimated 270,000 payroll records belonging to the UK's armed forces were found to have been exposed in a data breach. Though not explicitly named by the UK government, several ministers told the press they believed China to be responsible. The Chinese government has denied any involvement. Of course, this wasn't the first time that governments, their institutions and employees were targeted by cyberattackers. Here are five prominent examples. 1. Stuxnet, 2010 In 2010, the first known major cyberweapon was unleashed. Stuxnet was a sophisticated computer worm (a programme that replicates itself in order to spread to other computers) that targeted Iran's nuclear programme. Unlike typical malware, Stuxnet was engineered to infiltrate and sabotage Iran's uranium enrichment facilities by causing centrifuges to spin uncontrollably while sending false data to monitoring systems. This made the damage invisible to the people overseeing the systems. The attack set a new precedent in cyberwarfare, demonstrating how digital tools could cause physical destruction. Believed to be a joint operation by the US and Israel, Stuxnet delayed Iran's nuclear ambitions, but it also brought about new fears about the future of global cybersecurity. The discovery of the worm highlighted the vulnerability of critical infrastructure worldwide. It also sparked debates over the ethics and dangers of state-sponsored cyberattacks. 2. WannaCry, 2017 In May 2017, the WannaCry ransomware attack wreaked havoc across the globe, locking up hundreds of thousands of computers in more than 150 countries. Ransomware is a malicious type of software that locks your files or computer and demands payment to unlock them. Exploiting a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, WannaCry encrypted users' files and then demanded a ransom payment in Bitcoin for their release. The attack hit numerous important sectors, including healthcare. The NHS was badly hit, with the attack affecting at least 81 health trusts. It forced hospitals to cancel appointments and divert emergency services, and it's estimated to have cost the NHS £92 million. The rapid spread of WannaCry was stopped by a security researcher who discovered a "kill switch" in the malware, but the damage had already been done. Blamed on North Korean hackers, the attack showed the severe risks posed by outdated software. 3. NotPetya, 2017 Also in 2017, Ukraine was hit by a devastating cyberattack known as NotPetya, which quickly spread beyond its borders, damaging various companies and institutions worldwide. Initially disguised as ransomware, NotPetya encrypted victims' data, demanding a ransom that could never be paid. It primarily targeted Ukraine's government, financial sector and energy companies, and brought vital services to a halt. But the malware spread and ended up affecting companies across the globe, including the shipping and logistics company Maersk and the phamaceutical company, Merck. It caused billions in damages. The White House described NotPetya as the "most destructive and costly cyberattack in history". Unlike traditional ransomware, NotPetya's purpose was destruction rather than financial remuneration. It has been widely attributed to Russian state-sponsored hackers, who were aiming to destabilise Ukraine, though the Kremlin denied any involvement. 4. SolarWinds hack, 2020 As the world ground to a halt because of COVID-19, several US federal government agencies were targeted by the SolarWinds hack in 2020. Hackers had infiltrated SolarWinds, a tech company providing IT network management software. They injected malicious code into the company's Orion platform, which is widely used in the public and private sectors. This allowed them to spy on an array of sensitive information across multiple government departments, including the Treasury and Homeland Security. The breach went undetected for months and showed how vulnerable even the most secure government systems can be. The attack was attributed to Russian state-sponsored hackers, which Russian government officials have denied. 5. OPM data breach, 2015 Five years before the SolarWinds hack, the US Office of Personnel Management (OPM) was rocked by a massive data breach that exposed the personal information of more than 21 million federal employees and contractors. It was widely believed that state-sponsored hackers from China accessed sensitive data including social security numbers, fingerprints and confidential information from employee background checks. It was a devastating blow to national security and personal privacy, revealing vulnerabilities in the management of US government data. It took months for investigators to uncover the full extent of the damage, which sparked a nationwide reassessment of data protection methods. Chinese government officials denied any involvement at the time.;
            
                Title: Man gets shivers after making creepy discovery in garden - right near bedroom; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailystar.co.uk/news/weird-news/man-gets-shivers-after-making-33570558; type: news; Description: If there's one thing estate agents don't tell you when you're looking around a new home, it's whether or not the place is haunted. Unfortunately, some only get an eery feeling after they've bought the property. And that's exactly what happened to one chap, who moved into place in New York. While clearing out the yard, he made a chilling discovery under a thick layer of leaves in his garden. It sent a shiver down his spine - and he took to Reddit to share what happened. On the viral platform, he wrote: "Found a tombstone on the property of my new house I just bought. It's seven feet from my bedroom door. It's [in the] main part of the yard. It was covered in leaves - about five feet of leaves." The headstone was inscribed with the name: "C. Stadtmiller. 1872 - 1938." Further investigation revealed the stone predates his home, built in 1958. He later realised: "It's a stolen headstone, we figured it out." The home owner delved into the history etched on the stone and identified C. Stadtmiller as Caroline Stadtmiller, laid to rest at the First Methodist Church Cemetery in New York aged 65. The New Yorker tried to return the tombstone to its rightful home but ended up running into some problems. He said: "I'm calling the cemetery today to tell them I have it. To my surprise, they already sent the picture I posted to grave.com. The nicest thing since I posted this six anonymous donations of flowers have been placed on this website for Caroline. Grave.com where I found the cemetery." This didn't go to plan, as he added: "I tried calling the cemetery and it's disconnected. So now I'm going to physically go there to see if there's a stone on the grave and if there's not, I'm bringing this tombstone to that cemetery. Go figure, it was opened in 1938." Following the spooky turn of events, and the fact no one is answering his calls, people urged the bloke to let the tombstone lie where he found it. No one wants to disturb the dead, after all. A commenter joked: "Congratulations you are the new owner of a ghost." And another agreed, writing: "Leave it, respect it, accept it.";
            
                Title: Netflix fans in frenzy after new documentary about 'sign stealer'; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/college-football/article-13796645/netflix-fans-documentary-connor-stalions-michigan-football.html; type: news; Description: READ MORE: Disgraced Michigan staffer Connor Stalions breaks online silence Opinionated sports fans flooded X with comments following the debut of Untold: Sign Stealer, which featured fallen football analyst Connor Stalions. Stalions told his side of the story regarding the University of Michigan sign-stealing scandal in the documentary that Netflix released on Friday. Since its release, X users have been split in their opinion about Stalion's antics, with one person even calling him an 'arrogant liar' in their tweet. However, many college football fans have come to his defense by praising his love of football, and suggesting he coach at more colleges. Besides Stalions, his friends, parents, and multiple sports journalists gave their opinions on the sports scandal. Former University of Michigan football analyst Connor Stalions told his side of the story in a new Netflix documentary about the infamous sign-stealing scandal Read More Connor Stalions RUNS AWAY from media as 'the most hated man in college football' gets new job Stalions dreamed of becoming the head football coach at the University of Michigan. Michigan hired Stalions as an off-field analyst after he left the marines in 2022. Stalions was lucky enough to become a member of the coaching staff during the 2023 season, when an undefeated Michigan went on to win the National Championship. However, the sign-stealing scandal, which began in October 2023, led to the NCAA opening an investigation into the school's football program. The organization later confirmed that Stalions was the focus of the investigation, and was accused of stealing opposing teams' signals at their games, some of which he attend incognito. He allegedly filmed the opposing teams' sidelines and later decoded its coaching staff's play-calling signs. Central Michigan University opened their own investigation a month later after photos of what appeared to be Stalions at various games emerged online. All of his actions were Level I NCAA violations, and after the school suspended Stalions with pay, he resigned in November 2023. In the documentary, Stalions claims to NCAA officials that he never performed any in-person scouting. 'I did not obtain signals through in-person scouting,' he said before adding he didn't recall 'directing someone to go to a game' on his behalf. However, he also admitted that 'there are some people who attended games using tickets that I purchased and recorded parts of those games.' In another moment, Stalions is confronted with a picture of him attending another team's game on the sidlelines. Holding up the photo, Stalions says, 'I mean, I don't even thing this guy looks at me.' The University of Michigan hired Stalions as an off-field analyst in 2022. The sign-stealing scandal began just months after the Wolverines won the 2023 National Championship Following the investigation, the school also fired its football team's linebacker coach Chris Partridge, and then-head coach Jim Harbaugh was penalized by the NCAA. Stalions continues to be a Wolverine fan, and is Detroit Mumford High School football team's defensive coordinator. Despite violating NCAA rules, many believe that Stalions was simply doing his best to help the team in whatever way possible. Stalions' social media supporters have requested he go back to coaching, and that he is a 'hero' despite his actions. 'Connor Stalions cost @Vol_Football a national championship... But that man loved football more than I thought you could; so can't hate it,' an X user tweeted. Another X user wrote: 'Cowboys need to hire Connor Stalions to put on a 49ers polo and just walk around the team facility loudly spreading gossip and rumors to further the emotional downfall of San Fran.' 'I just finished the Connor Stalions documentary. I have bad news if you think that made Michigan look bad. It absolutely did not,' one X user tweeted. 'He was just smarter than everyone and Ohio State fans look like cry babies. Penn State fans too but that's just a constant thing tbh.' Various X users have either supported or trashed the former football analyst for his actions Some football fans who criticized the former analyst in the wake of the documentary also spoke ill of Jim Harbaugh - former Michigan and current Los Angeles Chargers coach. 'Connor Stalions obviously graduated from the Jim Harbaugh school of lying,' an X user tweeted. They've also called Stalions a 'liar' and one X user referred to him as the 'master of persuasion.' Football fans have also trashed the University of Michigan's team in general, and praised the Buckeyes for being a 'better team.' 'Ohio State couldn't stop the run in 2021, changed their signs before the 2022 game and Connor Stalions was unemployed for the 2023 game,' wrote a tweeter. 'But keep making excuses to distract from the fact that Michigan has simply been the better football team. Whatever helps you sleep at night.';
            
                Title: 'Deteriorated' flood defences set to be repaired; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.theargus.co.uk/news/24551620.worthing-deteriorated-flood-defences-set-repaired/; type: news; Description: Substantial improvements are set to be made to "deteriorated" coastal defences to protect a town from flooding. The Environment Agency has given formal notice of its shared intention with Worthing Borough Council to strengthen 3.7km of seafront, from Sea View Road to Brooklands Brighton Road car park. The repairs will focus on deteriorated groynes along the coastline, which should protect the town for a further ten years. The agency is expected to approve final proposals in January 2025, with work to begin in autumn next year. READ MORE: Eight in ten Sussex councils report sewage flooding As part of the plan, shingle movement will also take place in 2026 and 2027. A spokesman for Worthing Borough Council said: "The Environment Agency has announced that it doesn't intend to prepare an environmental statement in relation to the improvement works. "Anyone wishing to make representations to the environmental effects of the works can do so by September 14.;
            
                Title: Home education: why are so many parents choosing it over mainstream school?; date: 2024-08-30; URL: http://theconversation.com/home-education-why-are-so-many-parents-choosing-it-over-mainstream-school-228164; type: news; Description: Anglia Ruskin University (ARU) provides funding as a member of The Conversation UK. There has been a notable rise in parents choosing to home educate their children over recent years, and particularly since the COVID pandemic. Elective home education - carrying out a child's education at home, outside the school system - is a legal right in the UK. The number of families home educating is not known. There is no legal requirement to register with a local authority in England, nor is there any other register for parents choosing to home educate. This means relying on data from organisations carrying out research to gain an idea of these numbers. The Association of Directors of Children's Services reported that there were around 81,200 children receiving home education in England in 2021. Charity Education Otherwise reported a similar number of 83,974 in April 2021. More recently, the Department for Education has begun conducting its own research on home education, from data reported by local authorities. It found that in January 2023, around 86,200 children were being home educated in England - and that this had risen to around 92,000 in autumn 2023. Ways of home schooling There are several routes that families take when choosing an educational pathway for their children. If a child in England is already at mainstream school when their family decides to home educate, the parents must de-register their child before beginning home education. To do so parents need to send a letter of de-registration, requesting the school to remove the child from their roll. In Scotland, a parent needs the local council's permission to withdraw their child from school. If a child is not at school and has not been entered into the schooling system, there is no requirement to alert the local authority and they can simply continue to education how they want. Some parents may choose a combination of school and home education. This is known as flexi-schooling: the child attends school part time and learns at home part time. However, this is not a right and in England, requires the agreement of the school's headteacher. Other educational options available to families when their children are struggling in the mainstream system include "education other than at school". In this case, the school remains responsible for the child's education but it is provided either at home or within a specialist provision, such as a special school. Alternatively, a child may be educated in alternate provision. In England, this might be in a Pupil Referral Unit. This is a type of school that caters for children who are unable to attend mainstream school. This could be for a range of reasons such as illness, behavioural difficulties or neurodiverse learning styles. Choosing home education There are many reasons parents choose to home educate their child. There are those who reject the mainstream way of educating and opt for a more "unconventional" approach. The parents want to focus on nurturing their children and want to be at home learning with them. Some families talk of being unhappy with the school curriculum. They choose to home educate so they can teach the curriculum they wish and give their child or children a personalised education. Families may choose home education because it fits best with their own lifestyle. Work and life commitments can dictate how the children learn and some families choose to do it while travelling, which is known as roadschooling or worldschooling. Some families feel they do not have a choice but to home educate. They have been termed in some research as "last resort" home educators. Their child might have special educational needs or disabilities that their school is unable to meet adequately. Their child might be being bullied at school, or they might be highly gifted, meaning that they or their parents feel the school curriculum isn't suitable for them. Some young people may refuse to attend school due to overwhelming anxiety or what is known as "emotionally based school avoidance". A study that explored why parents in the UK chose to home educate found the most common reasons were that parents were disappointed with the education and schools (31%); they had always planned and had the intention to home educate (30%); their child was being bullied (25%) or the child was sick, exhausted or depressed (24%). Social media - whether through homeschooling families' Instagram accounts or sites such as the Not Fine in School Facebook page, where parents discuss the challenges their children face in mainstream education - has played a powerful role in expanding knowledge of home education. More parents may be making this choice because they know it is an option available to them. The challenge is to ensure adequate support is in place for the children who may want to remain in school but feel they cannot, as well as for those whose families wish to take this route.;
            
                Title: Mpox vaccines to arrive in DR Congo in next few days, WHO says; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-13797135/Mpox-vaccines-arrive-DR-Congo-days-WHO-says.html; type: news; Description: GENEVA, Aug 30 (Reuters) - The World Health Organization chief said on Friday that mpox vaccines were set to arrive in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the next few days to fight a new strain of the virus. "We hope to have the first delivery in the next few days, and then it will build up," Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told reporters at a press conference. Some 230,000 mpox doses are immediately available to be dispatched, added Tim Nguyen, unit head of Global Infectious Hazards Preparedness at the World Health Organization Emergency Programme. The WHO has said that its partners can start buying mpox vaccines before they are approved by the U.N. health agency, lifting its usual rules in a bid to get inoculations to Africa faster. It is currently reviewing applications for emergency licences for two vaccines made by Denmark's Bavarian Nordic and Japan's KM Biologics. Tedros said these were expected to be granted in the next two weeks. Rosamund Lewis, the WHO technical lead for mpox, said she hoped the vaccines and other interventions by health partners would help cases come down again in the near future. (Reporting by Emma Farge and Leroy Leo, Editing by Friederike Heine and Miranda Murray);
            
                Title: Matthew Perry's doctor made worrying confession before Friends star's death; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/showbiz-tv/matthew-perrys-doctor-made-worrying-29840238; type: news; Description: A doctor charged in Matthew Perry's ketamine overdose case previously admitted he suffered 'burnout' in his job. Dr Mark Chavez was previously arrested for his involvement in the Friends star's death. He has since agreed to plead guilty to a felony charge of conspiracy to distribute ketamine. He had his registration to write prescriptions revoked in the wake of his arrest. It has now been revealed that Chavez previously confirmed he had become 'unfit' and 'depressed' in the years before Perry's tragic death. Speaking about his career on YouTube, the medic revealed how he had reached a point in his life where he had 'lost' his own health. READ MORE: Warning over new £300 passport rule that could see you banned from flight Don't miss the biggest and breaking stories by signing up to the BirminghamLive newsletter here. Speaking in 2021, he said: "I was suffering from burnout as a doctor after years of working long hours in the hospital emergency room. I'd become unfit, depressed, and gained over 60lbs. Not a great way to be when people are coming to you for health guidance. "I was ashamed of the person I'd become and vowed to make a major change in my life." Chavez is now facing 10 years in jail for his involvement in Perry's death. A sentence date is due to be set soon, Mirror reports. Dr Salvador Plasencia was also arrested in connection to Perry's death and has had his registration to write prescriptions revoked. Plasencia has denied seven counts of distribution of ketamine and two counts of altering and falsifying documents or records related to the federal investigation. Perry's live-in assistant Kenneth Iwamasa was also charged in relation to the actor's death. Iwamasa admitted in court documents obtained by Mirror US that he injected Perry with three doses of ketamine in his final hours. He made the confession in a set of plea agreement papers signed following his arrest. Documents indicate that non-medically qualified Iwamasa administered shots starting from 8.30am on the day Perry died. Records describe how Matthew received an initial dose. He then received two more - one four hours later and another 40 minutes after the second. Before receiving his final injection, Perry asked Iwamasa to 'shoot me up with a big one'. Iwamasa pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to distribute ketamine causing death. Eric Fleming, an acquaintance of Perry's, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to distribute ketamine and one count of distribution of ketamine resulting in death. Jasveen Sangha denies one count of conspiracy to distribute ketamaine, one count of maintaining a drug-involved premises, one count of possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine, one count of possession with intent to distribute ketamine and five counts of distribution of ketamine.;
            
                Title: Matt Milburn disappointed not to work with famous co-star brother in Corrie; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://metro.co.uk/2024/08/30/coronation-street-star-disappointed-not-work-co-star-brother-2-21517320/; type: news; Description: Coronation Street star Matt Milburn spoke out about how he wished he had the opportunity to work with his soap star brother Greg Wood earlier this year. Matt, who has featured on the ITV soap on and off for eight years, is the real-life brother of Greg, who portrayed cobbles gangster Rick Neelan. Evil Rick Neelan's life ended in 2019, when Gary Windass (Mikey North) murdered him and buried his body in the woods after a violent showdown. Matt reprised his role as footballer Tommy Orpington at the beginning of the year, returning to Weatherfield for an affair storyline with Tracy McDonald (Kate Ford). Suffice to say Matt loves working with his Corrie co-stars, but that hasn't stopped him wondering what it would've been like if Tommy and Rick ever came across each other on the cobbles. 'Yes, I think my brother is a fantastic actor', he told us. 'It's on my bucket list...to work together at some point. Our paths have just never crossed you know. We've both been in sort of three major soaps and other projects and we've never actually worked together. So yes, it's a shame Rick's not still alive really. My brother told me about the Tommy Oprington character, so that was quite amusing. But yeah, I would have loved it is the answer.' 'Greg was probably my biggest inspiration I would say. I sort of had no sort of massive force of ever getting into acting. I was going off to do sports journalism', he added. 'I'd just been accepted to go to university when I was sort of in my late teens for various college courses. Long story. To cut long story short, Greg was due to do an acting job. I'd seen him do many plays, saw him coming off the stage and the buzz and the adrenaline that he had. I thought, "I want to try that" and I had sort of been in his ear about it. And then he put me forward for a job that he couldn't do because he just got another job. Didn't tell me, and so I did this acting job! 'I was terrible for two weeks, but it gave me that sort of fire in my belly and for the first time in my life, I think at that point, it was actually this is what I wanted to do. Then literally four weeks after that, I got an audition for Hollyoaks. That was my first professional audition and then I ended up being there for three years and that was like my drama school, really. But yeah, my brother was a big inspiration, probably my main inspiration.' In recent weeks, Tracy has returned from her new life in Spain with Tommy and it seemed that things were a little awry. Initially, her return reason seemed to be a closely guarded secret, and whenever family or friends mentioned Tommy she was keen to shut the conversation down. After coming to blows with her dad Ken's (William Roache) carer Cassie Plummer (Claire Sweeney), Tracy sat down with her estranged husband Steve (Simon Gregson) and the two had a heart to heart. She admitted that Tommy spends morning, noon and night at work and she feels lonely in their huge villa by herself. When Steve asked why she returned to Weatherfield, she confessed that she wanted those close to her nearby and was using the time away from Spain to contemplate her future. When Cassie returned back to No. 1, she noticed a wealth of unread texts and missed calls from Tommy on Tracy's phone. Is this the end of the road for them both? This article was originally published on 29th February 2024. If you've got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk - we'd love to hear from you.;
            
                Title: Swindon defender makes loan switch to National League South; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.swindonadvertiser.co.uk/sport/24553085.pharrell-johnson-joins-truro-city-loan-swindon-town/; type: news; Description: Swindon Town defender Pharrell Johnson has completed a loan move to National League South outfit Truro City until the end of the season. Johnson joined Town last January from Nottingham Forest having come through the academy ranks at the City Ground. He made his debut off the bench against Bradford City last season but would suffer an injury shortly after his arrival that would see his campaign cut short. After playing much of pre-season with the starting side, Johnson has not been in the matchday squad for any of the first four games of the season and now gets the chance to prove himself in the sixth tier. The 20-year-old will move to the most Southerly club in the top six divisions of English football and hopefully get a run of games to help him continue his transition into senior football and could make his debut this weekend when they play host to Chelmsford City. Three wins from their opening four has Truro fourth in the National League South so far under manager John Askey as they look to improve on last season's 16th place finish, having returned to the level the previous campaign following promotion from the Southern League.;
            
                Title: Fonseca confident Milan will bounce back against Lazio; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-13797181/Fonseca-confident-Milan-bounce-against-Lazio.html; type: news; Description: Aug 30 (Reuters) - Manager Paulo Fonseca said his Milan team have been working on improving after a poor start to the season and will be ready to face Lazio away on Saturday in Serie A. The newly appointed 51-year-old is already under pressure after a lacklustre start to the campaign, with a 2-2 draw against Torino in the first game followed by a disappointing 2-1 defeat to newly promoted Parma. "We are aware that we haven´t started well. But we are all united and we want to find solutions. That´s what we´ve been doing this week," Fonseca told reporters on Friday. "We are united so it´s easier to work. It was a good week and I think we understood where we really need to improve. I expect a different Milan tomorrow." The Portuguese coach denied that the players were having trouble adapting to his tactical vision, which has particularly left the defence vulnerable. "I am as confident as I was during my unveiling press conference. I am convinced these two games won´t diminish our ambition to become the team we aim to be," he said. Milan have drawn tough opponents for the Champions League season, including Bayer Leverkusen, Real Madrid and Liverpool but Fonseca was happy. "It was a balanced draw. All games will be competitive. It´s true we have Real Madrid, Liverpool and Bayer Leverkusen, who are top sides, but there are other strong teams as well. It seems like a balanced draw and format," Fonseca said. "I really like the format because there are more games among top sides but it´s also an opportunity to bring these top sides to countries that are not traditionally strong in football." (Reporting by Tommy Lund in Gdansk; editing by Clare Fallon);
            
                Title: Solihull HS2 overbridge work gathers pace; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/news/midlands-news/construction-hs2-bridge-a452-solihull-29840711; type: news; Description: One of the major HS2 projects in Solihull has taken another step forward. An overbridge is being built on the A452 Kenilworth Road as part of the wider high speed rail project. The overbridge scheme will see the A452 realigned, including a new roundabout, to take the A452 over the new HS2 line. At a recent meeting at Solihull Council Tahir Ahmed, senior engagement and interface manager at Balfour Beatty Vinci (BBV) - HS2's construction partner for the West Midlands - showed a picture of the work underway. He told councillors there will be "some extensive traffic management next year" while the bridge is constructed. Solihull Council gave permission for the overbridge structure and adjoining earthworks - as well as location of permanent security, ecological and boundary fencing and vehicle restraint barriers - in April this year. READ MORE:Strategy to improve air quality in Solihull revealed Now applicant HS2 Limited has applied to the council to ask for a preparatory condition, which featured in the planning permission agreement, to be signed off. An application to formally 'discharge' condition 2 (materials) has been submitted to the authority. A decision is yet to be made but councils often sign off conditions within a recommended 28-day timescale of the application submission date which in this case was August 20. The Local Democracy Reporting Service recently reported residents across Solihull including Meriden had made complaints about traffic management, lorry movements, and noise during the construction of the line. Solihull Council originally gave planning approval to HS2 Interchange Station - serving Solihull, Birmingham Airport and the NEC - in 2020. The northern leg of the line was scrapped last year but HS2 phase one - which is set to slash travel times between London and Birmingham - is expected to open between 2029 and 2033. We are now on WhatsApp. Join our dedicated community here For more stories from across Solihull including BHX, breaking news, politics and what's on, sign up to our MySolihull newsletter;
            
                Title: I left hospital with only one baby. Then I fell pregnant with twins again; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://metro.co.uk/2024/08/30/left-hospital-one-baby-fell-pregnant-twins-2-21509722/; type: news; Description: Lying on the examining table, I gasped as the sonographer smeared cold gel on my stomach. Then, as the grainy picture appeared on the screen beside us, I held my breath. This wasn't my first ultrasound. At this point in June 2007, I was eight weeks into my second pregnancy. But whereas before I had prayed just to hear a heartbeat, this time I was praying there would only be one. My husband and I started trying for a baby soon after we married in 2004. Eighteen months passed before tests confirmed there was no likelihood of my conceiving naturally. We were devastated and decided to have fertility treatment right away. My husband's father generously gave us the £3,500 for IVF, and we were over the moon when, in the summer of 2006, an early scan confirmed I was carrying twins. The first trimester of my pregnancy progressed smoothly, and around 20 weeks, we began getting ready to become a family of four. We painted the nursery and squeezed in two cots. We bulk-bought nappies, fitted two car seats and splurged on a double buggy. When we learned that both babies were boys, we chose their names: Alex and Josh. Then suddenly, when I was 26 weeks pregnant, my waters broke and I was rushed into hospital. I was given drugs to prepare the babies' lungs and told to brace myself for a premature delivery. I was terrified. My antenatal classes were due to start the following week and I knew nothing about the labour process. A fortnight later, on 5 November 2006, three months ahead of schedule, our boys were born, in a swift but terrifying labour about which I still sometimes have nightmares. In addition to my own midwives and obstetrician, there was a nurse and paediatrician present for each twin, monitoring all three of our heartrates and crowding around me as I pushed. It felt like a nightmare, and a world away from the magical birth I had envisaged. I was permitted only the briefest of look at each of my babies before they were whisked into neonatal intensive care. They weighed a combined total of five and a half pounds, each fitting into an outstretched palm. Their skin was translucent. Both boys were put in incubators and placed on oxygen. Later that day, I was allowed to hold Alex for a few minutes, and the following day, Josh was strong enough to come out of his incubator. Premature babies often stay in hospital until around their original due date. Slowly, we began talking about when our sons might come home. But in December, Alex contracted meningitis. His decline was rapid and horrific, and after he suffered a brain haemorrhage, we removed him from intensive care and held him as he died. Grief hit me like I'd been hurled from the top of a skyscraper. It seemed impossible I was still breathing, when my heart had shattered into a million pieces. And yet we couldn't crumble. The day after Alex died, we walked back into neonatal intensive care to be with his twin brother. Every milestone Josh reached was bittersweet, and every setback filled me with fear that we'd lose him, too. Thankfully, in February 2007, Josh was finally discharged from hospital. We had given away the second car seat and cot, and the double-buggy, but I couldn't bring myself to remove the letters from the nursery door that spelled out Alex's name. Five months went by in a blur, as I was still stumbling through grief and early motherhood. I felt numb and struggled to relate to other parents who had enjoyed easy pregnancies and labours. If I saw twins, I had to cross the road. It was too painful to watch what should have been my life. Terror that it would be twins again and that history would repeat itself. And so there I was at my scan, holding my breath and scanning a computer screen for the flickering light that would indicate a heartbeat. Twins again. I tried to leave the room, with my trousers still rolled down and gel still smeared across my stomach. This couldn't be happening. I spent the entire pregnancy in denial and refused to make any preparations. I couldn't allow myself to imagine leaving hospital with two babies in my arms. This time, I held on until 38 weeks. Extraordinarily for a busy hospital, the midwife who delivered Alex and Josh was once again on duty. I had a photo of Alex with me, and she pinned it to the wall where I could see it, and told me to focus on the photograph, not the dozens of people in the room. Two hours later, I delivered my second set of twins in 15 months: Evie and George. Thankfully, they were born healthy and were able to come home immediately. Life with three children under two was chaotic but wonderful. Having twins again forced me to confront my feelings of loss, and slowly I began to enjoy motherhood. There were moments when my grief spiked, such as when Josh started school, or when I saw how close Evie and George were. But over time, I learned to accept what had happened. Having more than one child, though, does not make it any easier to lose one, and I will always grieve for my first-born. Alex will always be a part of our family. We talk about him often and we have found small ways to remember him in ways that no longer hurt. The day he died - 10 December - has become the day we decorate our Christmas tree, turning what was once a difficult and desperately sad day into something happier and more hopeful. I have learned that grief is unique to each person experiencing it. I learned to give into whatever my body needed: to allow myself to cry, but also to allow myself to laugh without feeling guilty. I also found great comfort in writing. Eight years after Alex died, I published my first book, and I have gone on to write six more bestselling novels, many of which touch on the subject of grief. This year, though, I finally wrote explicitly about my own loss, and about what I've learned about recovering from grief. Although the process was hard, it was also cathartic, and I'd urge anyone struggling with grief to try journaling or writing creatively. The conversations I've had with readers since writing my memoir have been profoundly moving, and it's clear we need to have more conversations about death and loss. Now, my surviving children are teenagers, and my life is full. My grief is very different to how it was in the immediate aftermath of Alex's death. We never 'get better' from grief, but there comes a time when it no longer consumes us, and I am grateful to have reached that point. My heart goes out to all those for whom grief is still raw. It is a small comfort to know you are not alone, but we are here, standing beside you, in the club none of us asked to join. Clare Mackintosh's memoir, I Promise it Won't Always Hurt Like This, is published by Sphere and out now. This article was first published on Apr 28, 2024. Do you have a story you'd like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : My vagina has a hungry appetite, it's not my fault she's chosen awful men MORE : I'm calling last orders on fragile male egos in the pub;
            
                Title: Invisalign maker reaches $27.5 million settlement of consumer...; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-13797177/Invisalign-maker-reaches-27-5-million-settlement-consumer-antitrust-lawsuit.html; type: news; Description: By Jonathan Stempel Aug 30 (Reuters) - Align Technology, the maker of Invisalign clear teeth aligners, agreed to pay $27.5 million to settle a lawsuit claiming it entered an illegal antitrust conspiracy that drove up prices of aligners made by rival SmileDirectClub. The settlement would cover nearly 1.45 million purchasers of SmileDirectClub aligners between Oct. 22, 2017, and Aug. 18, 2022. Align would also offer each class member a $300 coupon for Invisalign treatment. A preliminary settlement of the proposed class action was filed on Thursday night in federal court in San Francisco, and requires approval by U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria. Align denied wrongdoing but settled to avoid the cost and distraction of litigation, court papers show. The case arose from an alleged 2016 agreement between Align and SmileDirectClub, which had been founded two years earlier, to "allocate" the market for clear teeth aligners. Align had been selling its aligners through dental offices, while SmileDirectClub sold its aligners directly to consumers. The plaintiffs said Align violated the Sherman federal antitrust law by agreeing not to enter the direct-to-consumer market, freeing SmileDirectClub to charge more, in exchange for a minority stake in SmileDirectClub and a share of its profits. SmileDirectClub shut down last December, fewer than three months after filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro, the plaintiffs' law firm, said the settlement will improve treatment for patients affected by SmileDirectClub's closure, or who want more comprehensive teeth straightening than SmileDirectClub's aligners provided. The law firm said it plans to seek legal fees of up to $6.875 million plus 25% of the value of reimbursed coupons, with total fees capped at $8.25 million. Align is based in San Jose, California. It did not immediately respond on Friday to requests for comment. The case is Snow v Align Technology Inc, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 21-03269. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; editing by Jonathan Oatis);
            
                Title: WWE Bash In Berlin preview with UK start time as GUNTHER defends championship; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://metro.co.uk/2024/08/30/wwe-bash-berlin-preview-uk-start-time-gunther-defends-title-21512755/; type: news; Description: WWE Bash In Berlin is upon us with GUNTHER looking to end an intense tour still as World Heavyweight Champion. The Austrian Ring General, who made his name in Germany's wXw promotion, has a future Hall of Famer standing in his way as he looks to continue with the gold after beating Damian Priest at SummerSlam earlier this month. Fans in Berlin are looking forward to a stacked card this weekend, with two other championship matches as Cody Rhodes and The Unholy Union put their respective titles up for grabs. There is also the matter of a brutal Strap Match to look forward to, while Rhea Ripley and Damian Priest look to get their hands on Liv Morgan and Dominik Mysterio in another tense grudge match. This completes a great run for WWE fans across Europe over summer, with premium live events already taking place in Lyon and Glasgow amid teases that WrestleMania could come to London in the near future. But first, here is everything you need to know about tomorrow's huge show. WWE Bash In Berlin airs tomorrow (Saturday, August 31), with the premium live event kicking off at 6pm for fans watching in the UK. Fans can tune into the main Bash In berlin event either live or on demand via the WWE Network, or by ordering the show on TNT Sports Box Office. There's also a Bash in Berlin 2024 Kickoff scheduled for Friday at 3pm via the WWE Network, while the Countdown to Bash In Berlin special- which is available to stream via the WWE Network, as well as X, Facebook, YouTube, Twitch and more - airs before the main show on Saturday at 4pm. Of course, everything will change in the New Year with WWE's content set to move to Netflix in January 2025 as part of a huge $5 billion deal. The Ring General GUNTHER might be from Austria, but he'll have all of Berlin behind him after plying his craft on the German - and European - independent later before making the jump to WWE. He's facing a familiar foe in Randy Orton as he clashes with the Apex Predator in a rematch of the King of the Ring final from earlier in the year, only this time he's going into that bout with the World Heavyweight Championship. Having won the gold at SummerSlam earlier this month, it's far too soon for GUNTHER to drop the gold, but another fight with Orton will do wonders for him so early on into his title reign. Likewise, Cody Rhodes is almost certain to retain the WWE Title against Kevin Owens, but the real question is whether or not KO goes further to the dark side and ends up turning heel on the American Nightmare. CM Punk should get his win back against Drew McIntyre in their Strap Match to build some momentum after a stop-start nine months since returning at Survivor Series last year, while Rhea Ripley and Damian Priest will likely beat Liv Morgan and Dominik Mysterio, to maybe even set up a rare inter-gender match between Rhea and Dirty Dom. Finally, the Women's Tag Team Titles could be the only prize to change hands this weekend, with Jade Cargill and Bianca Belair presumably poised to carry on their run which was interrupted by a feelgood win for The Unholy Union at Clash At The Castle. If you've got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page - we'd love to hear from you. MORE : Top WWE star 'blocked from retirement' despite making a deal with bosses MORE : Netflix fans cannot believe 'insane' new documentary currently number one in the UK;
            
                Title: Retired vicar and wife named as pedestrians killed in crash; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/pa/article-13797095/Retired-vicar-wife-named-pedestrians-killed-crash.html; type: news; Description: A retired vicar and his wife have been named as the two pedestrians who died in a crash in a North Wales coastal town. Reverend Stephen Burch and his wife Katherine, both 65 and from Alcester in Warwickshire, were killed in the crash, involving a grey Audi A8, in Beaumaris on Anglesey on Wednesday, a spokesman for North Wales Police said. The 81-year-old male driver was also pronounced dead at the scene. The Diocese of Coventry said: "This comes as a shock for the diocese as many will know Steve, who only retired at the end of last year after serving with us in many roles for over 35 years, most recently as vicar of St James, Fletchamstead, for 19 years. "Steve was a popular member of our diocese and well known for his good humour and unwavering faith, and many will also know Kathy well from her work with CPAS (Church Pastoral Aid Society) and worship ministry. The accident happened on the seafront at Beaumaris on Anglesey (Alamy/PA) "As a couple they were still very active in retirement this year, running an alpha course leading to baptism and confirmations. "Our thoughts and prayers are with Steve and Kathy's family at this time especially their children, David, Jonathan and Sarah, as they come to terms with this devastating, unexpected loss." Their family asked for privacy and said: "Thank you for your understanding and prayers." A tribute, issued through police, also included a prayer which said: "Dear Lord, as Jesus' followers asked him to help their friends, so we ask you today to help our friends struggling in the darkness of grief. "May they know moments of peace in their pain, moments of joy in their memories, and moments of hope in your love." Investigations into the cause of the crash are continuing. Sergeant Emlyn Hughes of the force's serious collision investigation unit said: "I'd like to thank all those who have contacted us so far. "Our team of officers and investigators are trying to piece together what happened and we are grateful for the support we have received by witnesses and those who have provided us with CCTV and dash cam footage. "My thanks also go to the wider community of Beaumaris who have offered their support during this difficult time. "The impact of this collision has been felt far and wide across the isle of Anglesey and we'd like to reassure all that we are doing everything we can to establish the cause surrounding this incident." One witness told the PA news agency she had been in a hotel overlooking the scene when she heard a "loud bang" and then watched "people trying very, very hard to do CPR". She said: "Everybody really rallied around, diverting the traffic and trying their best to give the people dignity, but it was pretty horrific." She added: "The town is absolutely full of tourists and people walk down that street. It's just a beautiful, beautiful place.";
            
                Title: Daisy Pearce mobbed after Eagles pip Tigers by a point; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/aap/article-13797155/Daisy-Pearce-mobbed-Eagles-pip-Tigers-point.html; type: news; Description: West Coast coach Daisy Pearce was happy to cop a "Gatorade shower" after watching her side blow a big lead before fighting back to snatch a dramatic one-point AFLW win over Richmond. The Eagles led 33-9 early in the third term of Friday night's match, but four unanswered goals from Richmond put the visitors in front with just three minutes remaining. At that point, it looked as though the start of the Daisy Pearce era at West Coast would end in heartbreak. But there was one more twist to come, with Eagles speedster Abbygail Bushby powering the ball forward following a teammate's dropped mark to find a running Kellie Gibson at the top of the goalsquare with just over a minute remaining. Gibson nailed the goal with 43 seconds left on the clock, lifting West Coast to the 6.4 (40) to 5.9 (39) win at Perth's Mineral Resources Park in front of 2166 fans. KELLIE GIBSON WITH THE MATCH WINNING GOAL IN THE FINAL MINUTE!@coles | #AFLWEaglesTigers pic.twitter.com/XQiDYtCaRi - AFL Women's (@aflwomens) August 30, 2024 West Coast players mobbed Pearce out on the field after the win, showering her with their drinks while they sang the team song in what marked a special start to her tenure. "I'm not sure that I'm meant to go in the song and get a Gatorade shower," Pearce said with a laugh. "It was a nice moment, but over and above, it was nice for me to see them have (that feeling). "I know that they haven't been able to have that kind of reward of winning as much as they would have liked." Pearce, who was a premiership-winning star at Melbourne, said winning as a coach was slightly different to the feeling she experienced as a player. "It's probably a bit more pride (as a coach), because it wasn't me that went out there and did it or contributed to doing it - it was them," she said. "So you just sit back in awe of their resilience and effort. Pride is the over-riding emotion." West Coast had won just eight games across their five completed seasons. They are now a perfect one-from-one under Pearce. Eagles midfielder Jess Hosking, who was delisted by Richmond at the end of last year, was crucial against her former side with two goals from 12 disposals. Isabella Lewis (19 disposals, 340m gained), Ella Roberts (20 disposals, three clearances) and Charlotte Thomas (24 disposals, 509m gained) were also prominent for West Coast, who were missing captain Emma Swanson (groin). For Richmond, Monique Conti (30 disposals, five clearances, 584m gained) was best afield, while Grace Egan racked up 22 possessions and six clearances. West Coast forward Amy Franklin kicked off Friday night's match with a powerful mark and a booming 45m set shot. Hosking added a second for West Coast to give the home crowd something else to cheer about. It helped set up a five-goals-to-one opening half for West Coast, but Richmond dominated after the break to storm back into the contest. Emelia Yassir put Richmond ahead after catching Belinda Smith holding the ball, but West Coast had the last laugh through Gibson. "We got this gift tonight, we walk away with the win and belief," Pearce said. "There'll be some great lessons out of the couple of minutes when we were fighting one way or another.";
            
                Title: Magic man is back: West Brom pull off sensational swoop for Mikey Johnston; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.shropshirestar.com/sport/football/2024/08/30/magic-man-is-back-west-brom-pull-off-sensational-swoop-for-mikey-johnston/; type: news; Description: Watch more of our videos on ShotsTV.com and on Freeview 262 or Freely 565 The Republic of Ireland international winger was sensational for Albion after arriving on loan from Celtic in January. He helped fire Albion to the play-offs before returning to his parent club. It seemed Johnston would be out of Albion's reach financially this summer - with the club needing to work prudently in the transfer market. But after multiple sales, Albion have made a deal work and have brought Johnston back to the club on a four-year deal for a fee of £3m. It marks the end of a superb transfer window for Albion which has seen the hierarchy overhaul the squad, bringing in quality while moving players on. On his return, Johnston told the club website: ""I'm really happy to be here. "Driving down the M6 last night I couldn't stop smiling and I'm buzzing to be here. "From day one here I got off to a really good start, the fans took to me, and I took to them right away. "I felt the love the full time I was here last year and I'm just buzzing to be back." Carlos Corberan has long been a fan of Johnston's following his loan spell - and was keen to bring the winger back to Albion. He believes the deal signals a long term vision of Albion's. He added: "Mikey is a player who needs no introduction to this club, and I am happy he is back with us. "The impact he made with us last season cannot be underestimated and he adds proven quality to our squad. "At just 25 his best years are still ahead of him, and this is a signing which shows the long-term ambitions of our club. "Mikey has shown his commitment to the club and its fans, who I am sure will be excited to see him back in our shirt.";
            
                Title: 'You have all been immense': McDonald announces City departure; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.thetelegraphandargus.co.uk/sport/sportlatest/24553063.kevin-mcdonald-leaves-bantams-spell-player-boss/; type: news; Description: Kevin McDonald leaves the club after spells as player and manager (Image: Thomas Gadd) The veteran Scot played 23 times for the club following his arrival in June last year. He also had a spell as caretaker boss in between Mark Hughes being sacked and the appointment of Graham Alexander, winning four of his seven games in charge. McDonald last appeared in the 3-0 loss at Harrogate in March and was told by Alexander at the end of the season that he would not be featuring this time. The 35-year-old has continued to train - and is keen to keep playing for as long as possible before moving into coaching. McDonald paid tribute to everyone at the club on his exit. He said: "I would like to start by thanking each and every one of you Bradford City fans for your incredible support throughout my time here. "I was faced with some very different and challenging circumstances last season, but always tried to give everything for the club, and you thankfully recognised and appreciated that. You have all been immense. "As a player, I was supported fantastically well from the start, and then even more so during my stint as manager, before I felt even more love when I returned to playing. "I have really enjoyed my time here, and made some great friends, but ultimately, people move on in football. The club is in fantastic hands, and I can only see success for it moving forward. "Thank you to Ryan Sparks for everything he has done for me, professionally and personally, throughout my time here. "He has been open and honest with me the whole time. It was a smooth transition into the player-manager role and has been the same since. "Finally, thank you to all the staff and, in particular, all of the players who I have had the pleasure of sharing the dressing room with. "The lads who were here last season understood my situation, and were absolutely bang on, throughout the whole process, as they have been as team-mates. "I wish everyone at the club the very best." City chief executive Sparks said: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank Kevin for his services to Bradford City, both as a player, and as caretaker manager. "He bravely stepped up and took over the reins during the early parts of last season, and I will be eternally grateful for the time his work and success in the role gave us, in moving to appoint Graham Alexander as the next manager of the club. "I hope the experience Kevin has had with us will stand him in good stead for the future, and I wish him the very best. He will always be welcome back at Valley Parade.";
            
                Title: Sancho Negotiations 'Ongoing' Between Chelsea and Man Utd; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.givemesport.com/jadon-sancho-manchester-united-transfer-news-chelsea-premier-league/; type: news; Description: Chelsea are pushing to sign Manchester United winger Jadon Sancho, and Italian reporter Fabrizio Romano has confirmed that talks are continuing as they aim to thrash out a deal. It's been a tricky few years for Sancho since making the move to Old Trafford, but Chelsea are now looking to take a chance on the England international. Negotiations Ongoing for Sancho Chelsea are pushing Romano has now provided an update on the Sancho situation, confirming that negotiations are ongoing after they submitted an official loan offer earlier today... "Negotiations for Sancho, ongoing after bid submitted as exclusively revealed." The Italian reporter previously revealed that an initial loan proposal was offered, with Sancho keen on making the move. It's been a hectic transfer window for Chelsea who have strengthened in multiple positions, with Sancho the latest player who could be heading to Stamford Bridge this summer. Sancho spent the second half of last season on loan at Borussia Dortmund after struggling to make an impact at United, so it's undoubtedly a risky addition for Chelsea after failing to hit the heights expected in the Premier League. Related Chelsea 'Showing Late Interest' in 3 Premier League Strikers Chelsea are keeping tabs on the Premier League trio.;
            
                Title: Laser Photonics To Join Brokk at 2024 MINExpo By Investing.com; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://uk.investing.com/news/press-releases/laser-photonics-to-join-brokk-at-2024-minexpo-93CH-3673767; type: news; Description: ORLANDO, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Laser Photonics Corporation (LPC) (NASDAQ: LASE), a leading global industrial developer of laser systems for cleaning and other material processing applications, announced today that it will join Brokk, a leading manufacturer of remote-controlled demolition robots, at the 2024 MINExpo INTERNATIONAL " the world's largest mining event. Set to take place from September 24 to 26 in Las Vegas, Nevada, MINExpo covers all phases of mining and attracts buyers from many sectors, including coal, metal and mineral production; equipment manufacturers; and suppliers of goods and services related to mining. The event is hosted by the National Mining Association (NMA), the only national trade association that represents the interests of mining before Congress, the administration, federal agencies, the judiciary and the media. LPC is preparing to attend MINExpo alongside Brokk, which develops robots for heavy-duty tasks, including mining. The two companies formed a partnership earlier this year to equip robots with laser cleaning and cutting technology for applications in mining, tunneling, construction, metal processing, nuclear disposal and decommissioning ecosystems. "We look forward to attending MINExpo with Brokk, our technology partner," said Wayne Tupuola, CEO of Laser Photonics. "Attendees of the event will get a chance to learn how our laser blasting systems address the longstanding challenges facing decision-makers in mining." MINExpo focuses on current issues affecting the mining industry's ability to safely and sustainably locate, permit, mine, transport, and utilize the nation's vast resources. Participants can explore the latest achievements and cutting-edge innovations, as well as discuss challenges and solutions related to every aspect of mining operations, from the newest processing equipment to productivity-enhancing technology. This event offers a prime opportunity to network with influential decision-makers and organizations, and to provide, as well as obtain, an up-close look at the latest technology offerings. At MINExpo, LPC will present a selection of its laser cleaning systems, including its compact laser cleaning system, MARLIN LPC-100M-MHD and its next-generation air-cooled, handheld commercial roughening laser, the CleanTech CR-3030. CleanTech Laser Blasting Technology CleanTech Laser Blasting products by Laser Photonics provide industry professionals with eco-friendly, cost-effective and time-efficient systems for industrial cleaning. Applications include rust removal, paint removal, surface preparation and more. This technology is an excellent alternative to traditional cleaning methods like sandblasting, dry ice blasting and other abrasive blasting techniques. About Laser Photonics Corporation Laser Photonics is a vertically integrated manufacturer and R&D Center of Excellence for industrial laser technologies and systems. Laser Photonics seeks to disrupt the $46 billion, centuries-old sand and abrasives blasting markets, focusing on surface cleaning, rust removal, corrosion control, de-painting and other laser-based industrial applications. Laser Photonics' new generation of leading-edge laser blasting technologies and equipment also addresses the numerous health, safety, environmental and regulatory issues associated with old methods. As a result, Laser Photonics has quickly gained a reputation as an industry leader in industrial laser systems with a brand that stands for quality, technology and product innovation. Currently, world-renowned and Fortune 1000 manufacturers in the aerospace, automotive, defense, energy, maritime, nuclear and space industries are using Laser Photonics' unique-to-industry systems. For more information, visit https://www.laserphotonics.com. About Brokk, Inc. Brokk, Inc., is the world's leading manufacturer of advanced remote-controlled demolition machines, popularly called demolition robots. Brokk is known for providing more effective, profit-enhancing and safer demolition. Since 1976, they've continued to push the limits for what is possible in remote-controlled demolition. For more information on Brokk's full line of remote-controlled demolition machines and attachments, visit www.brokk.com/us. About the National Mining Association America's mining industry supplies the essential materials necessary for nearly every sector of the economy " from technology and healthcare to energy, transportation, infrastructure and national security. NMA is the owner and producer of MINExpo INTERNATIONAL, provides a clear voice for U.S. mining, with a mission to build support for public policies that will help Americans fully and responsibly benefit from the country's abundant domestic coal and mineral resources. NMA works to ensure America has secure and reliable supply chains, abundant and affordable energy and the American-sourced materials necessary for U.S. manufacturing and economic security, all delivered under world-leading environmental, safety and labor standards. For more information, visit nma.org or contact info@nma.org.;
            
                Title: Daniel Podence 'Very Keen' to Seal Deadline Day Wolves Exit; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.givemesport.com/wolves-star-very-keen-on-last-gasp-exit/; type: news; Description: Wolverhampton Wanderers star Daniel Podence is 'very keen' on securing a late move to the Saudi Pro League, journalist Ben Jacobs has exclusively told GIVEMESPORT. Reports throughout the summer have linked the Portuguese international with a Molineux exit, with him seemingly not being a part of Gary O'Neil's plans. The 28-year-old now appears to be edging closer to ending his four-and-a-half-year spell with Wolves, with a move to Al-Shabab on the cards. With the Saudi Arabian transfer window closing on September 2, Podence still has a few days to complete his desired switch after returning from a season-long loan at Olympiacos. Daniel Podence Eyes Saudi Move May have played his final game for Wolves Jacobs, speaking to GMS, revealed that Podence has been 'very keen' on a move to the Middle East for a while and could depart Wolves within the next few days: "I'm told that he's been very keen on Saudi for quite some time. So it looks like that deal is going to get over the line. "It doesn't have to be fully completed today, because the Saudi deadline closes September 2nd." On Wednesday, the 28-year-old played what appears to be his final game for Wolves in the 2-0 EFL Cup win over Burnley and provided an assist for Goncalo Guedes' goal. Podence, who earns £52,000-a-week at Wolves, impressed on loan at Olympiacos last season, scoring 15 goals and registering 13 assists in 47 games across all competitions. Wolves 'in Talks' for Carlos Forbs Working to find an agreement with Ajax Wolves are pushing to sign Ajax winger Carlos Forbs ahead of the transfer deadline and are working to find an agreement with the Dutch giants, The Athletic journalist David Ornstein has reported. The Molineux outfit have identified Forbs as a replacement for Pedro Neto and have been linked with a move for the Man City academy graduate for the past few weeks. According to Ornstein, Wolves have submitted a fresh proposal for Forbs this morning, as personal terms are not expected to be an issue. Statistics courtesy of Transfermarkt. Correct as of 30-08-24.;
            
                Title: Audi sales chief steps back, to be replaced by Porsche Europe head; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-13797179/Audi-sales-chief-steps-replaced-Porsche-Europe-head.html; type: news; Description: BERLIN, Aug 30 (Reuters) - Audi's sales chief Hildegard Wortmann has chosen to step back from her role and will be replaced by Marco Schubert, head of Europe at Porsche AG, Audi said on Friday. Wortmann moved to Audi from a multi-decade career at BMW in July 2019 to lead the brand's sales and marketing. The first woman on Audi's board, she was also a member of Volkswagen's board and in charge of sales in its extended executive committee. She oversaw record sales of 1.9 million cars at the brand in 2023, after years in which it struggled to recover momentum after the pandemic, with sales hovering around the same level since 2020. Still, challenges abounded this year, from supply chain problems to an industry-wide crash in demand for EVs. Audi has promised a refresh in 2024 and 2025 with over 20 new EV and combustion engine models, followed by EV-only models from 2026. Schubert, at Porsche since 2021, previously worked at Audi as head of their China business, reporting to Wortmann for some of that time. He also held leading roles in Sweden and northern Europe. He will take over from Sept. 1. (Reporting by Victoria Waldersee, Editing by Miranda Murray);
            
                Title: O2 Priority customers fuming as big changes made to Greggs deal; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/uk-news/o2-priority-customers-fuming-big-29840853; type: news; Description: Virgin Media O2 customers have been left puzzled and frustrated as Greggs announced changes to its offers on O2 Priority. According to data from Nous. co, the average monthly phone bill for a contracted customer in the UK is £36.22. However, many mobile phone users may not be aware of the perks they could be enjoying through their mobile provider. For years, Virgin Media O2 has been a popular choice for phone users who can benefit from O2 Priority rewards. Customers can get early access to concert tickets, enjoy various food and drink deals - from a classic Pizza Express pizza for just £6.95 every week to a buy one get one free 'Thirsty Thursdays' offer at your local Ember Inn or Sizzling Pub. One of the most beloved deals is that customers can grab a free coffee each week from Greggs, as well as a complimentary breakfast roll, sausage roll, or vegan sausage roll on Friday or Saturday mornings. But this deal will disappear from September 12. Instead of the free coffee and breakfast rolls every week, customers will be offered two new rewards with O2 Priority - choosing any hot drink from Greggs for just £1 every month, or selecting from a range of savoury treats from Greggs for only £1 every month. O2's Priority app promises greater variety in Greggs rewards for its users from 12 September. A statement on the app said: "We're switching up your Greggs rewards from 12 September. We know how loved the Greggs rewards are, so we've taken our members' feedback on board before making any changes. That's why our new ones give you even more choice, and allow more people to grab savings at Greggs every month." The revamped rewards scheme offers customers "even more choice", as they are no longer just limited to sausage rolls or breakfast rolls; they can now enjoy a wider selection from the Greggs menu. However, there is a catch: customers cannot pair a hot drink with a savoury treat unless their visit is timed for exactly 11.30am. Hot drinks will cost £1 from 7am to 11.30am, and £1 savoury snacks will be available from 11.30am until 7pm. The update hasn't been well received by all Greggs enthusiasts, with some taking to social media to vent their frustration. On X (formerly Twitter), one user shared their disappointment, saying: "I got a bit excited when I saw O2 Priority were 'mixing up the Greggs offer'. Huge anticlimax. It's gone from a free hot drink once a week and a free breakfast roll on Fri or Sat to a hot drink for £1 once a month and a savoury for £1 once a month." Customers appear disillusioned with O2 Priority's altered deal, as another commented: "O2 priority is going downhill. What do you mean you're now gonna have to pay £1 for the formerly free Greggs treats." A sentiment mirrored by someone who felt particularly let down stated: "O2 Priority changing their Greggs hot drink reward from once a day to once a month, I just fell to my knees." Another irate O2 customer also vented: "As if O2 Priority are trying to claim people would rather pay £1 for a Greggs snack once a month than receive a free coffee and bacon sandwich every week.";
            
                Title: Inkeverse Group Announces 2024 Interim Financial Results By Investing.com; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://uk.investing.com/news/press-releases/inkeverse-group-announces-2024-interim-financial-results-93CH-3673766; type: news; Description: HONG KONG, Aug 30, 2024 - (ACN Newswire) - - Inkeverse Group Limited ("Inkeverse" or "the Group", Stock Code: 3700.HK) announces its full-year results for the period ended June 30, 2024. During the reporting period, the Group's total revenue was RMB 3533.2 million, up 13.0% compared to the same period in 2023. Revenue from the Group's value-added services was RMB 2601.2 million,yoy 12.4%, representing 73.6% of the Group's overall revenue. The content services business recorded total revenue of RMB 642.7 million,yoy 36.1%, accounting for 18.2% of the Group's overall revenue. Live Streaming and Social Ecosystem Thrives, Creating a Sustainable Development Loop The Group's live streaming and social business, through long-term stable operations and continuous refinement, has built a robust commercial ecosystem. The core product, "Inke Live," maintains its brand advantage in the live streaming sector. Despite market fluctuations, it has created a healthy, active user community through a mature and evolving operational system and ongoing optimization of the ecosystem structure. The social business continues to benefit from its product matrix advantage, adapting flexibly to the increasingly diverse and refined needs of users. The Group adjusts its strategy with an efficient product matrix to precisely match emerging social scenarios, deeply penetrating multiple verticals, and satisfying differentiated social needs, demonstrating strong market adaptability. The stable and innovative operation of the Group's two core businesses provides stable and substantial cash flow support, effectively driving the Group's deep expansion and continuous innovation in more business areas. Playlet Business Leads the Industry, Secure Industry-Leading Position with Full Industry Chain Layout In the face of intensifying competition in the short -form video market, the Group remains at the forefront of the industry due to its forward-looking layout and innovation. By leveraging early precision entry and efficient investment strategies, the Group has rapidly established a complete ecosystem for the playlet industry, optimizing the entire chain from content creation to distribution and promotion, ensuring steady business growth. This underscores the Group's deep understanding of the playlet field and lays a solid foundation for continued industry leadership. Looking ahead, the Group is cautiously advancing the deep integration of playlets with cultural tourism and other diverse industries, aiming to create a series of high-quality, high-grade micro-playlet to offer a richer audiovisual experience to viewers. Simultaneously, the Group is exploring new opportunities in overseas playlets, broadening its business scope through internationalization. Breakthrough in Overseas Expansion, Successfully Opening New Markets The Group continues to deepen its overseas strategy and has achieved results. Leveraging its rich experience in the domestic market, the Group adopts a vertically segmented matrix strategy to rapidly enter target markets. To better meet local needs, the Group integrates rich local elements into product design, enhancing market competitiveness. Some products launched in Southeast Asia have successfully completed commercial validation, providing valuable experience and models for expansion into other regions. This year, the Group has entered emerging markets such as the Middle East, launching products and achieving a certain level of user accumulation. By continuously optimizing product models and deeply understanding overseas user needs, the Group has significantly shortened the adaptation cycle in new markets and accumulated valuable localized operational experience. This experience not only lays a solid foundation for the Group's deep expansion in overseas markets but also provides strong support for further exploration in these markets. Future Outlook Looking ahead, the Group will continue to gain insights into user needs, enrich the social product matrix, and solidify competitive advantages through matrix-based synergy while exploring new growth points through innovation. Relying on its deep accumulation in interactive entertainment, the Group will quickly incubate new products, optimize content quality, enhance user experience and platform stickiness, and maintain its leading position in the market. Simultaneously, the Group is actively adjusting its overseas operations strategy, deepening localization, enriching product formats, and expanding efforts in emerging markets such as Southeast Asia and the Middle East, aiming to achieve scalable growth. Additionally, the Group is keeping up with technological frontiers, actively laying out Web3.0 and AI fields, planning strategic cryptocurrency holdings, and promoting AI applications to lead industry future development and create new interactive entertainment experiences. -End- About Inkeverse Group Limited: Inkeverse Group (3700.HK) is a leading full-scenario new social platform in China, formerly known as Inke Interactive Entertainment Group. It's core business covers live streaming social, playlets, and overseas segments, driving performance growth through a matrix of products and diversified business formats. In 2015, the first product, Inke Live, was launched, initiating the domestic mobile live streaming trend. In 2018, Inke, just three years after its establishment, was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as the first entertainment live streaming stock. Since then, the Group has incubated multiple products around the "interactive social" strategy, creating a rich social product matrix. In the second half of 2022, the Group pioneered the short drama market, firmly establishing itself as an industry leader with its early advantage and high-quality content. The Group is also accelerating its global layout and expanding overseas market growth. In 2022, the Group officially renamed itself Inkeverse and is actively laying out AI, Web3.0, and other cutting-edge fields to offer users rich, multidimensional social scenarios and services, further enhancing commercial value. For more information, please visit Inkeverse IR website: https://ir.inkeverse.com/sc/ir_overview.php For enquiry, please contact Intelligent Joy Limited;
            
                Title: Potential oil spill detected in area next to Sounion tanker in Red...; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-13797143/Potential-oil-spill-detected-area-Sounion-tanker-Red-Sea--Greece-letter.html; type: news; Description: LONDON, Aug 30 (Reuters) - A potential oil spill of 2.2 nautical miles in length has been detected in the area matching the location of the Sounion tanker in the Red Sea, Greece said in a letter circulated through the U.N.'s shipping agency on Friday. Greece said the information was based on a satellite image taken on the evening of Aug. 29 and obtained by the European Maritime Safety Agency. "The position of the oil spill matches with the location of the ship," Greece said in the letter, dated Aug. 29 and published on Friday. "Under the said circumstances, the condition of the tanker ... poses a serious environmental hazard for the Red Sea marine environment." (Reporting by Jonathan Saul; Editing by Kevin Liffey);
            
                Title: Train evacuated after fire breaks out near track; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.kentonline.co.uk/romney-marsh/news/train-evacuated-after-fire-breaks-out-near-track-312148/; type: news; Description: Passengers were temporarily held on a miniature railway after a fire broke out along the track. People travelling on the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway were stopped for about 30 minutes while fire crews tackled the blaze on the line between Dymchurch and Hythe. Danny Martin, general manager at the historic railway, has warned passengers not to panic as services are delayed, but still running. "It's very dry out there at the moment," he said. "It could have been caused by a spark from an engine, it could have been a cigarette end, but once it caught, it spread quite a long way along the track. "The fire brigade are dealing with it now. "It has delayed trains by about 25 to 30 minutes but they are still running, they just have to go slowly and they have to give us a gap to get past. "There might be some delays on the later trains but nobody should panic, we will get everyone home." The blaze broke out in a field between Boltoph's Bridge Road and Burmarsh Road. The fire service has been approached for comment.;
            
                Title: Sources: Man Utd, Chelsea eye late Sancho deal; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.espn.co.uk/football/story/_/id/41054805/deadline-day-man-united-chelsea-sancho-talks-sources; type: news; Description: Manchester United are still working on Jadon Sancho's exit, sources have told ESPN, despite Erik ten Hag's claim that he would be happy for the England forward to stay at Old Trafford. United remain in talks with Chelsea over a deal for Sancho, although there is no guarantee an agreement will be reached before the transfer deadline on Friday night. Juventus have also shown interest in the 24-year-old, but after making progress during talks on Wednesday, negotiations have since stalled. Ten Hag was asked about Sancho's future at a news conference on Friday and suggested he could stay beyond the deadline. "We are happy with him," Ten Hag said. "We need a good squad, we need depth. We have to play many games until January. After the break we play every third day so we need options." Asked whether he expected Sancho to remain at Old Trafford, Ten Hag said: "As I know, yeah." Sancho hasn't made a competitive appearance for United for more than a year after his pubic row with Ten Hag last season. He played a full part in United's preseason tour of the U.S. but was omitted from the squad for the first two Premier League games against Fulham and Brighton. United have been keen to secure a permanent exit for Sancho this summer but their valuation of around £40m has proven problematic. Sources have told ESPN that the club are not ruling out agreeing a season-long loan deal with an option to make the move permanent next summer.;
            
                Title: HEI stock soars to all-time high of $258.89 amid robust growth By Investing.com; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://uk.investing.com/news/company-news/hei-stock-soars-to-alltime-high-of-25889-amid-robust-growth-93CH-3673765; type: news; Description: In a remarkable display of market confidence, Heico Corp 's stock has soared to an all-time high, reaching a price level of $258.89. This peak punctuates a period of significant growth for the aerospace and electronics company, which has seen its stock value surge by an impressive 52.93% over the past year. Investors have rallied behind Heico's strong performance and strategic market positioning, propelling the stock to new heights and setting a bullish tone for its future prospects. In other recent news, HEICO (NYSE:HEI) Corporation posted record-breaking financial results for the second and third quarters of 2024. The aerospace and electronics company reported robust earnings per share (EPS) that exceeded consensus estimates and showcased significant top-line growth. Analysts from Baird and RBC Capital have maintained an Outperform rating on HEICO, raising their price targets due to the company's strong performance. The company's success is attributed to a 7% organic growth and high demand in the global air travel sector for Parts Manufacturer Approval (PMA) parts. This has contributed to margin expansion in HEICO's Flight Support Group (FSG). Despite some quarter-over-quarter organic growth volatility, defense market sales have helped balance out slower commercial original equipment manufacturer (OEM) build rates and temporary dips in non-aerospace and defense (non-A&D) volumes. HEICO's strong financial performance is also evident in the 45% increase in consolidated operating income and a 37% rise in net sales, with net income reaching a record $136.6 million. The company's recent developments come amid a robust mergers and acquisitions pipeline and positive long-term prospects in the commercial travel, business, leisure, and defense sectors. Despite a slight decline in net sales in the Electronic Technologies Group (ETG) due to lower sales in other electronics and medical products, the company remains optimistic about its future growth prospects. In light of Heico Corp's impressive ascent to an all-time high, InvestingPro data provides a deeper look into the company's financial health and market performance. With a market capitalization of $35.78 billion and a robust revenue growth of 43.13% over the last twelve months as of Q3 2023, Heico has demonstrated a strong capacity for increasing its financial footprint in the aerospace and electronics sector. InvestingPro Tips highlight that Heico has raised its dividend for 7 consecutive years, a testament to its financial stability and commitment to shareholder returns. Moreover, analysts anticipate sales growth in the current year, which may continue to fuel investor optimism. However, the stock is currently trading at a high earnings multiple with a P/E ratio of 58.08, suggesting that it is priced at a premium relative to its current earnings. For investors seeking additional insights, there are 20 more InvestingPro Tips available, shedding light on various aspects of Heico's financial performance and stock valuation. These tips can help investors make more informed decisions, especially considering the stock's high valuation multiples and its position near a 52-week high, trading at 99.73% of this peak. InvestingPro data also reveals that Heico operates with a moderate level of debt and its liquid assets exceed short-term obligations, indicating a healthy balance sheet. The company's stock has seen a large price uptick over the last six months, with a 31.93% total return, and boasts a high return of 51.16% over the past year, reflecting its strong market performance. For those interested in a comprehensive analysis, InvestingPro offers a fair value estimate, which currently stands at $166.47, providing a benchmark for investors to consider against the stock's recent close at $255.02. This, along with the other detailed metrics and tips, is available to subscribers who wish to delve deeper into Heico's valuation and future potential.;
            
                Title: Man admits murder of tech start-up entrepreneur whose killing...; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/pa/article-13797159/Man-admits-murder-tech-start-entrepreneur-killing-shocked-city.html; type: news; Description: A man pleaded guilty on Friday to killing Baltimore tech entrepreneur Pava LaPere last September in an apparently random attack that shocked the city. Jason Billingsley, 33, entered the guilty plea instead of going to trial on Friday morning and was sentenced to life. He also pleaded guilty on Monday to two counts of attempted murder in a separate arson and home invasion case that took place just days before Ms LaPere was found dead on the rooftop of her downtown Baltimore apartment building. Officials said the Monday plea agreement included two other life sentences. Ms LaPere, who founded a tech start-up from her room at Johns Hopkins University and was named to Forbes' 30 under-30 list for social impact, died from strangulation and blunt force trauma after being sexually assaulted. She was remembered as someone who remained focused on building community and using entrepreneurship to create meaningful social change, even as her national profile rose. The family of entrepreneur Pava LaPere speak at a vigil in her memory (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough, File) In a bail review hearing following Billingsley's arrest, prosecutors said he had admitted to beating Ms LaPere with a brick. He gained entry to her downtown Baltimore apartment building after waving her over to its glass door, but there is no reason to believe they knew each other, according to police. Ms LaPere's killing also prompted criticism of police for their response. Her body was found six days after the home invasion case in which police say Billingsley gained entry into an apartment building by identifying himself as the building maintenance man. According to his arrest warrant, he pointed a gun at a woman inside and used duct-tape to restrain her and her boyfriend. He then raped the woman several times and slit her throat with a knife before dousing both victims in liquid and setting them on fire, leaving them with serious burns, police wrote. Billingsley had been quickly identified as a suspect in that case. Baltimore police have said they were actively pursuing him, but they did not immediately alert the public because they did not think he was committing "random" acts of violence. The victims filed a lawsuit earlier this year accusing the property owner and management company of engaging in negligent hiring practices. Billingsley was released from prison in October 2022 after serving a shortened sentence for a 2013 rape because he earned good behaviour credits behind bars. Earlier this year, Maryland lawmakers heard testimony for Ms LaPere's parents and passed a bill to end good behaviour credits for anyone imprisoned for first-degree rape. The new law goes into effect October 1.;
            
                Title: Tottenham 'Closing In' on Johnny Cardoso 'Future Option'; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.givemesport.com/spurs-close-in-on-johnny-cardoso-signing/; type: news; Description: Tottenham Hotspur are close to agreeing a deal to get future priority on the signing of Johnny Cardoso from Real Betis, in a move that is part of Giovani Lo Celso's switch to the Spanish club, according to Fabrizio Romano. The Lillywhites are looking to shift Lo Celso in the final hours of the window, with the Argentine reportedly edging closer to a move to Betis. As part of the negotiations with los Verdiblancos, the North Londoners look to have acquired a first priority option to land Cardoso in the future, while also agreeing a sell-on clause for the player, if he is to move in the future and Spurs don't want to activate their option to land the American midfielder. More to follow...;
            
                Title: Scots must take independence decision out of Westminster's hands, says Brown; date: 2024-08-30; URL: https://www.kentonline.co.uk/news/national/scots-must-take-independence-decision-out-of-westminster-s-hands-says-brown-126447/; type: news; Description: The people of Scotland must take the decision over independence out of the hands of Westminster, the SNP's depute leader has said. Addressing the first day of the party's conference in Edinburgh, Keith Brown said the "sovereign people of Scotland" were "supreme over the UK Supreme Court". Under Nicola Sturgeon, the court rejected a push for the Scottish Parliament to legislate for an independence referendum. Support for the SNP at the next election, Mr Brown said, would also be support for a "convention of all democratically-elected representatives ... who support Scotland's right to choose". Such a convention could see the SNP working alongside former leader Alex Salmond and the Alba Party should they win seats. In his address to members, Mr Brown said the ability to demonstrate how Scotland can achieve independence will be "central" to the SNP's success in 2026. "We have to first of all acknowledge Westminster's stance - they've been clear," he said. "Neither Labour, nor Tory, will - in their words - 'allow' the people of Scotland to choose their own future. "Let's take them at their word - we have to do that - but let's also take that decision out of their hands. "What is a higher power that exists, a higher power than Westminster, a higher power that stands supreme over the UK Supreme Court? "The answer is simple - it's the people of Scotland, the sovereign people of Scotland." He continued: "In 2026, the people of Scotland must know, they have to believe that supporting the SNP, on a shared platform with others that support the same ideals, supporting that party gives that party - if we achieve the mandate that we seek - to advocate for independence. "It means, in my view, backing a convention of all democratically-elected representatives - in the Scottish Parliament, in Westminster, in councils - regardless of party, all they're required to do to join is to believe, to support Scotland's right to choose." Such a convention, he said, would then seek to "unite with every willing element of civic Scotland" to further the cause of independence as well as furthering the case by showing support "through every democratic means available". Alba Party general secretary Chris McEleny welcomed the speech from Mr Brown, adding that if the SNP were "serious", they would "start this immediately by including Ash Regan and Alba Party's priorities in their programme for government", due next week. Mr Brown spoke in the first public element of the conference, which was kicked off by a behind-closed-doors post-mortem of the general election result, which saw the party drop from 48 seats in 2019 to just nine in July. Speaking to journalists after the session, Westminster leader Stephen Flynn described it as an "open and frank discussion", adding the party needs to win back voters who backed the Labour Party more than those who did not vote at all in July. The election result capped off 18 months of turmoil for the party, including the selection of three leaders and a long-running police investigation into alleged financial issues. As part of the police probe, former chief executive - and Nicola Sturgeon's husband - Peter Murrell has been arrested and charged in connection with the alleged embezzlement of party funds and a report was later sent to the prosecution service. Ms Sturgeon and former treasurer Colin Beattie have also been arrested, but were both released without charge pending further investigation.;
            